[Dungeon & Stone] was a peculiar game. 
The NPC companions were essential for game progression, yet you could never trust those bastards, especially if you'd only just met them.
I walked through the cave, one step at a time, my gait unsteady due to the missing shoe. Despite the discomfort, a wave of joy washed over me. This new kind of inconvenience, something I couldn't even experience back when I was crawling on three limbs, was a reminder that I had regained my human dignity. For how long, I didn't know.
With the shield offering minimal protection for my upper body, I cautiously pressed forward. I didn't need to scrutinize the ground with eyes that burned like fire anymore. This place had light. The crystals embedded in the walls and ceiling illuminated the surroundings with a radiant glow. It felt like a dream, a stark contrast to the days I spent crawling through darkness, bleeding.  The ability to see was, without a doubt, a divine blessing, especially considering it allowed me to hunt down those wicked goblin bastards.
“Waaagh!”
“Grrrrk?!”
Startled by my shout, a goblin sprang from behind a rock. Anticipating its hiding place, I unleashed my skill.
“Smash! You bastard!”
Smash was a skill I had just crafted, with decent attack power and no MP consumption. 
Thwack!
The goblin, mid-leap, collided with my shield, crashing to the ground. I swiftly approached and slammed my foot down on its upper body.
“Grrrrk?!”
It was no use. I knew how cunning and wicked these bastards were.
“Grrrrk!”
So, you're innocent? Go complain to your buddies. It was one of them who left me in this state.
Crunch!
I slammed the edge of my shield into the goblin's face with all my might. It was different from Smash, which only allowed me to attack from the front, pushing or swinging. This move was called… Final Shield Attack.  As usual, I had just invented the name. 
Whiz, whoosh!
The goblin, extinguished, vanished into a burst of light, a testament to the world becoming slightly more beautiful as evil diminished, even if only by a fraction. 
I scooped up the newly dropped gemstone and stuffed it into my pocket, careless of the mess. This was my tenth gem since entering the dungeon.
“Heh, trash.”
Since being resurrected, I had encountered goblins over and over again. Though initially tense, I soon realized they weren't a threat when I could see them. They weren't as smart as I had initially thought.  Just look at those pathetic traps they'd laid everywhere.
‘Why not dig a hole and cover them up? What kind of thought process goes into that? Leaving them right at the crossroads like that, who would even fall for that? ‘
The goblin traps were so crude that they could be seen from a distance. And if you tried to avoid them, most of them would charge at you first. It seemed that the whole "creepy smile and stalker" routine was only activated if you stepped on their trap.
As I became familiar with their habits, the battles became increasingly easier. Their primary weapon was a short dagger, and their physical prowess was on par with a high schooler. I, on the other hand, was now a hulking, 2-meter-tall Barbarian, and in a head-on clash, it would take me three seconds to take down a goblin. Therefore, I only had to be cautious of surprise attacks, which were easy to predict thanks to the traps revealing their ambush spots.
‘Hm, maybe I should become a goblin slayer?’
I slapped myself across the face, a harsh sting. 
Thwack!
Pain jolted me back to reality.
…What was I thinking?
I had to be insane. No one in their right mind would be cackling over such ridiculous thoughts.  Don't get complacent after killing a few goblins. It had only been two hours since I was brought back from the dead, and I still hadn't found a solution to any of my new problems.
“Damn it, I'm starving.”
First, I had to deal with the food situation. It wasn't just the shield I'd lost while crawling through the dark. The food pouch the chieftain had given me had a hole, and I'd lost about five days' worth of supplies from the seven-day ration.  Of course, I couldn't go back into the darkness to find it. I wasn't Hansel and Gretel.
Crunch, crunch.
Driven by hunger, I pulled out a piece of bread from my pouch. It was hard and dry, probably for preservation, but the sweetness of carbohydrates slowly blossomed on my tongue as I chewed and swallowed. 
Why does this taste so good? 
Maybe my Barbarian body has changed my palate. 
A few bites later, the bread, which had been the size of my palm, was gone. I sighed, a strange mixture of regret and dry mouth.
I was thirsty. 
This was my second problem.
…Damn it, where do I find water?
***
"Goblin slain."
"Goblin slain."
"Goblin slain."
"Goblin slain."
"Warning: Body lacks sufficient hydration. Seek water source promptly…"
***
[Dungeon & Stone] had a satiation system.  It only activated inside the dungeon and replenished itself simply by eating, so I didn't need to carry water.  
But this wasn't a game. 
To be more precise, it was more akin to another world, one that was eerily similar to the game I knew.
‘The game was hardcore enough as it was, but now that it’s reality, the difficulty has gone completely off the charts.’
However, I wasn't overly worried. Water was a crucial resource, even more so than food, but the chieftain hadn't given me any water.  It was clear that I had to find a way to sustain myself within the dungeon.
And it didn’t take long to find it.
"Smash!"
After battling goblins and navigating the ant-maze of tunnels for nearly an hour, I followed the sound of dripping water, eventually finding a small pond. 
One explorer was already crouched down, drinking from the pond. It was essentially my first encounter since the blonde party.
"..."
There was no exchange of words. 
He saw me from afar and stepped aside without a word, and I didn't bother to approach him. The same thing happened with the other explorers I encountered. They all just saw me and quickly moved out of my way.  
Perhaps, like in the game, there was an unspoken rule among explorers not to interact with each other. 
Or maybe they just didn't want to be associated with a blood-soaked Barbarian.
Whatever the reason, I had been killing goblins, eating bread when I was hungry, and drinking water when I was thirsty, and it all culminated in this moment.
“One, two, three, four, five, six…."
I counted them. I had gathered a total of forty-four gemstones so far. That’s 44 pieces of bread, if you converted them.  
It was truly a heartwarming event, compared to the time when I was on the verge of death. 
But there's no such thing as free in this world.
In return, I had gained an intense fatigue.
This was my third problem.
‘I'm getting sleepy.’
As a living being, sleep is a necessity. 
This was no different for a Barbarian with such high specs.
But how does one sleep in a dungeon where monsters are real?
There are two options.
Trust your fate to the heavens and take a nap.
Or, find a companion who'll watch your back.
The choice was already made for me.
Trust your fate to the heavens? From experience, I wouldn’t recommend it.  At least not for me.
‘Let’s find a companion.’
I’m not talking about forming a full-fledged party. Everyone is tired, so I’m planning to find someone suitable for a temporary partnership.  
In the game, too, most people would spend the night like that when their fatigue reached a certain point.
Thump, thump.
Having made my decision, I focused more on movement than combat, roaming the dungeon. It seemed like everyone was in groups, unlike before.
Thump, thump.
Groups of two or three explorers were taking turns keeping watch while they rested.
I examined them carefully, focusing on their appearance and countenance.  Gathering my courage, I approached a few groups, only to be rejected every time.
"Sorry, but we have enough people."
They said it like that, but it was clear why they were doing it. They were wrinkling their noses and even scowling when I approached.
…What a bunch of pricks.
How clean do they think they are? 
As I grumbled to myself, someone addressed me.
“Hey.”
He looked like a human man in his thirties.
He was about 180 cm tall, and had a rather kind and genial face, though his hands were covered in goblin blood.
He grinned at me and asked, “Looking for a night friend?”
Damn it, what’s this guy's deal?
I instinctively took a step back, and the man tilted his head in confusion.
“You aren't looking for a night friend? I thought because you're a Barbarian, you’d be someone I could trust and rest with. That’s a shame.”
Just tell me that from the start, old man!
Night friend, it seemed, was a euphemism for the temporary partnership I had in mind.  In the game, it was listed as "Night Companion."
I interpreted it as "a companion for the night" or "someone to share the night with," but when I heard it in person, it had a distinctly creepy undertone. 
"...No, I'm looking for a night friend."
“Really? Good. Then will you join me?”
"I will."
And so, I became night friends with the man.
"My name is Hans."
“I'm Bjorn, son of Yandel.”
“Can I call you Bjorn?”
The man, who seemed experienced, smoothly finished the introductions and took the lead.
“Having three night friends is ideal, but going out of your way to find someone is more of a waste of energy. What do you think, Bjorn?”
In other words, he was basically asking if we wanted to sleep together. 
Is this guy really thinking about that? Maybe it’s just because he speaks in a smooth and cunning way, but I can’t shake the feeling that I’m being taken advantage of.
“Okay.”
“Good. If someone asks to join us, we can discuss it and decide whether to accept them or not."
After a brief discussion, we decided to spend our first night together.
However, the problem was…
“Let’s settle this with rock-paper-scissors.”
I guess rock-paper-scissors is still the universal rule here.
Damn it, I’m terrible at this.
As I’ve said before, I have no luck.
“Hm, I won. What a surprise.”
Damn it.
“Then I’ll rely on you. Wake me up if you see a goblin or any other explorers, alright?”
“...Okay.”
"Here you go."
The man handed me a clock with numbers 0 to 23 engraved on its face, and kindly explained how to use it.
“The short hand points here when you have to wake me up.”
This is probably how people here perceive Barbarians. 
“Don’t break it. It’s expensive."
“...Okay.”
Man, he’s such a stickler for rules.
The man took out a blanket, wrapped it around himself, used his backpack as a pillow, and lay down. Soon, he was snoring. 
Is that how it's done? He looks so comfortable. 
He won’t let me borrow it if I ask, right?
“Ugh…."
Being on watch duty is so boring.  I haven’t seen a single goblin, and no other explorers have been passing by. Maybe everyone is resting after finding night friends?
The silence makes me sleepy.
Still, time passed quickly as I leaned against the wall, pondering my future.
“Hans, wake up."
“...Anything happen?”
“No.”
"Okay, good work. Hand me the clock and you can rest now. I'll wake you in two hours."
Before I could even ask to borrow it, the man tidied up his blanket, put it back in his backpack, and got up. 
Ugh.
I gave up and moved towards the wall, leaning my back against it.
And pretended to doze off.
It was only natural.
No matter how kind, intelligent, or harmless this man seemed—
How can you trust someone you just met?