I am now snoring. Very loudly, imagining a savage who has fallen asleep after a hard day. 
"Drrr-rrrr-rrrr-rung!" 
...Hmm, maybe that was a bit over the top?
I'm slightly worried when I hear a chuckle. 
“...What a strange race.”
It seems I've played my part well. 
It wasn't so much my acting ability, but rather a racial advantage. 
People perceive barbarians as simple and stupid. 
That's why, even without the issue of the wraith, I always played the role of a barbarian. 
It's like a hidden blade in a smile, 笑裏藏刀.  Like hiding a knife within a smile, I use their preconceived notions of my naiveté as a weapon, seeing into their very souls. 
...That sounds a bit too edgy. 
To put it simply, it means gauging their intentions is much easier. 
Just like this.
"Drrr-rrrr-rrrr-rung!"
For a more convincing performance, I scratch my belly and hunch over. 
All the while, I listen intently, paying close attention to the man's movements.
If he has any ulterior motives, he'll act soon, now that I've shown this much vulnerability. 
Or maybe he'll just sleep through it. 
Honestly, I'm not sure if I can sleep like this.
“Bjorn, it's your turn.”
Oh, well... I didn't think I'd be unable to get a single wink of sleep. 
“Don't get too comfortable just because no goblins have shown up yet. They're cunning creatures.”
As if he doesn't trust me, the man, in a roundabout way, tells me to stand guard properly and then lies down again, just as relaxed as before. 
And he falls back asleep in less than five minutes.
Frustration washes over me. 
I should have just slept.  What in the hell was I doing for two hours?
Damn it.
Is it because this stranger is right next to me? 
Even though I've decided he's trustworthy, I can't sleep. 
If I'd known this would happen, I might have stayed awake and kept an eye out for goblins. 
At least I could have gotten some sleep then.
“Ugh…” 
I'm so tired, I could die. 
It's even harder to stay awake now that the man is asleep. 
Still, it's my turn, so I'm diligently fighting off sleep by thinking about other things when someone calls my name.
“Bjorn, wake up.” 
“...I wasn't asleep.”
“Wipe the drool off your chin before you speak.”
I wipe my face with the back of my hand and realize it’s indeed wet. 
“You must have been sleeping standing up, you weren't even snoring.” 
I guess I really did fall asleep.
For a short time, but still, it was just ten minutes before the shift change.
...My heart sinks.
However, there’s something I need to do before blaming myself for my own carelessness. 
I sincerely apologize.
“I'm sorry.” 
I mean it, not just pretending to be a barbarian. 
Night companions are essentially a business arrangement. But even though the man provided a safe environment during his watch, I couldn't do the same. 
It's only natural to apologize. 
Especially to avoid becoming the kind of person I despise most. 
“...Well, thankfully, nothing happened while you were asleep, so I won't say anything else.”
“Thank you. If you want, you can sleep longer. I'll stand guard again.”
“No, I can't. It's your turn. Go to sleep. Just give me back the watch.”
He could have blamed me, but the man smiled kindly and forgave me. 
I didn't refuse further and went back to my spot, huddling down. 
As usual, I couldn't sleep. 
I found myself inexplicably admiring the man and all the other explorers.  To trust someone you’ve never met with your life—that's incredible guts.
I don’t think I could ever do that.
That’s why I started snoring again, just like before.
"Drrr-rrrr-rung!"
I couldn't help it. 
Sorry, man, but for some reason, I’m starting to suspect you more than I suspect him.
"Drrr-rrrr-rung!"
He’s got that kind, trustworthy face, like a con artist. 
It was the man who suggested we leave the other members behind. 
He didn’t even scold me for smelling bad. 
None of that matters. 
The man didn't blame me for falling asleep. 
He even refused to let me stand guard again.
Of course, maybe I'm the crazy one, and he's just a genuinely nice guy. 
But I find nice guys the most suspicious.
‘It’s always been the nice ones who have blindsided me.’
If it were the old me, I'd be right at that point where I'd let my guard down.
I won't make the same mistake again. 
That's a matter of intelligence.
"Drrr-rrrr-rung!" 
If he's this suspicious, maybe it's best to just end things here and part ways.
But even as I thought that, I continued snoring.
How much time had passed?
Click.
A small, unfamiliar sound.
A buckle on the backpack? A belt? Or maybe a shoe heel?
I couldn't even pinpoint where the sound came from. 
But as soon as I recognized it, the barbarian's body instinctively interpreted it. 
Danger.
Is this the sense of murder they talk about in martial arts novels?
My skin prickles with goosebumps. 
Immediately, I open my eyes and check what's in front of me.
“You're awake.”
The man was still smiling kindly. 
He was holding a two-handed hammer covered in goblin blood and flesh, raised above his head. 
This is bullshit… 
Dodge! 
The warrior's body, trained in battle, acted faster than my brain.
Before my brain could issue a command, my body was already rolling to the side.
Kwang!
I hear something shattering right in front of me. 
Using the recoil, I quickly get back on my feet and regain my balance.
“Ugh!”
The man's face is one of surprise as his surprise attack fails. 
Instead of asking why, I dash forward.
“Wait, wait!” 
Is he trying to make an excuse? Saying he didn't mean to do it? That he was just stretching? If that were true, it would be kinda funny, no, really funny.
Damn it, just how stupid do barbarians think we are?
Pwaack!
My shield smash hits the man’s jaw. 
But a strong human was different from a goblin.
The man stumbles but doesn't fall.
Let's try that again.
Pwaack!
Smash. 
“Kyaaack!”
Clang, the man's hammer falls to the ground.
Blood is already pouring out of his nose, which is already swollen red.
…Ouch, that must hurt.
I think it, but I don't let my guard down. 
I want to be the kind of guy who doesn't think about stuff like that.
So, one more time— 
“St, stop! I can e, explain…!”
“Smash.”
Hitting the man repeatedly in the face with my shield, he finally collapses to his knees. 
In game terms, he's out of the fight. 
Meaning, it's now okay to have a conversation. 
“Sir.”
“I, I'm sorry! Spare me!”
Has he finally decided to beg for forgiveness? 
His decision is swift, but I can't exactly call it wise.
That's not what I'm looking for in a conversation right now. 
“Why did you do that?”
“I, I wanted the magic stone… I was just going to knock you out and steal it. Believe me!” 
Believe you, my ass. 
If I were that full of compassion, I’d have more friends than I have fingers. 
“My shield! You were going to steal my shield too, weren't you?”
The moment I lift my shield, the man quickly tries to add something.
That’s the real reason I can't trust people. 
They lie too easily.
And they don't even try to be convincing about it.
“Why the shield?”
“...Barbarian gear is high quality. I was going to sell it in the city.”
It’s true, the gear barbarians get in the tutorial is usually expensive. 
Because the steel used is heavier than that used for ordinary gear.
Even my shield is made of solid steel. 
But still, why would you kill someone for just this? 
Well, on second thought, it's not completely implausible. 
But…
“Bullshit.” 
The man is still hiding something. 
“Tell me the truth. Why did you do it?”
Just like with the goblins, I step on the man's chest.
“Ugh!”
Fear is etched deep into the man's eyes. 
But maybe it's because he was trying to kill me?
I’m strangely unmoved. 
I kinda get why they say you shouldn’t look a cow in the eye when you’re slaughtering it… 
But whatever, I’m just going to ignore it.
I’m debating whether to end the conversation here when the man screams. 
“He, heart!”
“Heart?” 
An unexpected word. 
I stare at him with an inquiring look, and the man, as if resigned, continues speaking. 
“...Barbarian hearts are selling for a lot of money.”
“Why?”
“I, I don't know exactly, but they say it's being used as a new ingredient for magic!”
“I see.” 
Finally, I understand the motive.
I was a goblin to this man. 
Difficult to catch, but a huge reward once caught.
“Why did you act now, not when I first fell asleep?”
“...I have to sleep too.”
Oh, I get it now. 
He was trying to get some sleep and make some money at the same time.
I thought he was being cautious, but it turns out he was just an extreme efficiency freak. 
“I've told you everything, so please forgive me…” 
“Forgive you?” 
Honestly, it’s all I can do to keep from laughing. 
Forgive you? 
That’s not something someone who was going to steal my magic stone, my gear, and my heart should say. 
If I had reacted just a little slower, I wouldn’t even have had a chance to beg for my life. 
“Please…”
Well, he does want to live. I guess he didn’t expect things to go this way?  I’ll give him credit for that attitude.
But. 
“Sir, you have to pay for what you did.” 
I hate it when people do whatever they want and then try to avoid taking responsibility for their actions. 
That’s why… 
“I, I’ll give you everything! I don’t have much now, but once I get back to the city…” 
I can’t believe it.
In that sense, I’m not sure what makes him different from a goblin. 
I couldn’t be friends with a goblin, but at least this man has the potential for friendship.
That’s the only difference, and that’s why he’s even more wicked.
Of course, this is just a personal opinion, and I don’t make choices based on emotions.
I can't always do it, but I try. 
“I’m going to meet a lot of guys like you in the future. They’ll all say the same things. So, am I supposed to forgive them too?” 
Forgiveness is a scary word. 
That kind decision made with good intentions can turn into a dagger in your back.
I know that better than anyone.
That's why I have no choice, even this time. 
In this primitive world, mistakes don't just hurt your feelings, they can also cost you your life. 
“Sorry, sir. I've been backstabbed too many times. I don’t think I can forgive you.” 
“No, no! That’s not true! I’m different!”
Come to think of it, the goblin said that too. 
I’m just interpreting from his eyes, but anyway. 
What did I do back then? 
Thwack.
I raise my shield, gripping it with both hands.
But this time, I hesitate for a second. 
Of course, my hesitation doesn't last long.
I feel an unknown force pulling my arm, 
“No, don’t!” 
I slam my shield down with all my might.
Crack, the sound of bone breaking is followed by a heavy silence. 
「Achievement Unlocked」
Condition: First Kill
Reward: Mental Stat Permanently Increased by +1 
I didn’t turn away from what I had done, I accepted it as it was. 
It’s been about a day since I entered the game world. 
I’ve killed a person.
And I gained a large hammer, shoulder guards, leather boots, a compass, a knife, a pocket watch, a canteen, a backpack, a blanket, herbs and bandages, one potion, six days’ worth of food and snacks, and 32 grade-9 magic stones. 