She was walking through the cave, this time without any limp.
“The character has equipped leather boots.” 
“The total item level increases by +5.”
The boots were a bit loose, but they were sturdy. She now knew that the man had larger feet than his height would suggest. At any rate, these boots were much stronger than her old ones, so if she stepped on a trap, she wouldn’t suffer a fatal injury like before. 
“The character has equipped a two-handed hammer.”
“The total item level increases by +30.”
The hammer, made entirely of iron, was about 1 meter long.  It was a two-handed blunt weapon in the man’s hands, but she could swing it easily with just one hand.
“The character has equipped shoulder pads.” 
“The total item level increases by +13.”
The pads were made of steel.  She loosened the straps a bit to make them fit comfortably. She wore only the pads, without a shirt, and looked like a gladiator.
“The character has equipped a backpack.” 
“The inventory is increased.”
She no longer had to carry the bloody gemstones along with her bread, and moving around was much less cumbersome.
Chew, chew. 
She took out a strip of jerky and chewed on it.  She didn’t have many, since it was only for snacks, but it tasted better than bread.  She carefully cut the remaining piece with a pocketknife, making sure no saliva got on it.
On the second day, she had graduated from a primitive life.  She could drink water from the canteen she now carried. If she needed to know the direction, she could look at the compass, and if she wanted to know the time, she could check her pocket watch.  A single emergency potion ensured she could deal with any injuries that might occur.
Wasn’t it a little ironic? She had killed a man, and now she could live a little more like one.
***
“Bjorn Yandel”
Level: 1
Body: 25 / Mind: 37 (New +1) / Ability: 1
Item Level: 72 (New +48)
Total Combat Index: 81 (New +13)
***
Smash was a good skill for using a shield, but wielding a proper weapon was different. 
Whack!
The goblin vaporized after a single hammer blow. She had wished she had chosen a weapon at the beginning. She could have saved up for a shield later on. 
Well, she had no way of knowing she would fight this well. 
Was it because she was inside a Barbarian’s body?
Every time she fought, she felt like her body wasn’t her own. She should be getting used to it by now, but her body always surpassed her expectations, eliciting a constant stream of surprise.
“I’m so sleepy, I’m about to die.”
She yawned and picked up two gemstones that had fallen nearby, putting them into her bag.
This was a change that came with the second day.  Goblins were now spawning in pairs. They’d probably start spawning in groups of three tomorrow, and that pattern would continue until the seventh day, when the labyrinth closed. That’s how it was in the game, anyway.
In that sense, things weren’t bad yet. She had better combat ability with her new weapon, and thanks to the various consumables, she was safer. Things were going smoothly.
‘Well, except for the fact that I keep closing my eyes.’ 
She had been moving around and fighting goblins nonstop since yesterday, but she hadn’t slept more than 10 minutes, and even then, she was just dozing off while standing. 
She wanted to sleep.  She didn’t even wish for a bed or a pillow. She just wanted to curl up on the floor, even if it was bare.
She was about to die if she—
“Oh, shit!”
She almost tripped over a rock in her sleep. She had been lucky, unlike her. If it had been a trap, she would have been in a lot of trouble. 
“I’ll just sleep for a little bit… ” 
As soon as she decided, she leaned against the wall, shield and hammer in hand. 
Although there were no Night Companions nearby…
It actually felt safer this way.  If she was going to be ambushed, it was better if it was goblins.  And it would be better to get stabbed by a dagger than… to be hit with a hammer while she was sleeping.
Thump.
She opened her eyes, hearing footsteps that were now all too familiar.
In the four hours she spent on watch, he hadn’t even shown his face, but now that she was falling asleep, he was here right away. She finally understood why the man had told her not to let her guard down. 
… Stubborn bastards.
She immediately ran forward and thrust her hammer into the goblin’s head.
Whack!
“Grrrr…!”
She had spotted two of them creeping up, but one of them turned tail and ran away the moment its friend was reduced to mush.
Go ahead.  Go. 
She was too tired to chase after them.
“Damn those bastards… ”
She checked the time. It hadn’t even been 10 minutes yet.
In the end, she had no choice but to continue hunting the goblins, wandering through the cave.  Whenever she got too tired, she’d lean against the wall and doze off for a while.
She had been in a few precarious situations while half asleep, but there were only two times she really felt like she was about to die.
One time, she had just opened her eyes after feeling a presence, and some explorer was creeping up on her. He looked embarrassed when our eyes met, and then he backed away and disappeared. 
… It still gave her chills just thinking about it.
The second one was just as scary, but…
It was happening right now.
“The character was attacked by goblins while sleeping.” 
For the first time, she had woken up to pain, not a presence.
She saw the goblin right in front of her. She smashed the one in front of her first, then the other one ran away, just like before. 
“Grrrrr!!”
She immediately checked the source of the pain. 
And oh my god, she had a dagger stuck between her collarbones.
…Damn, no wonder my left arm didn’t feel right.
Well, at least it was just pain.  If she had been any shorter, or if the goblin had been able to jump just a little higher, the dagger would have been in her neck.
Crunching.
She clenched her teeth and pulled the dagger out.  Then she took out a potion from her bag and dripped a few drops on the wound. The moment she closed the cap and put the potion back in her bag, the blood bubbled up and began to regenerate quickly.
Sizzling.
The bastard who made this potion, was he a psychopath?
It hurt worse than when she got stabbed.
“Ugh… hehehe… ” 
After about 5 minutes, the pain subsided. 
It was bad enough to wake her up, but her eyelids were even heavier than before.  It was hard to focus, even for a moment.
It was time to make a decision she’d been putting off.
Although she was in a Barbarian’s body, sensitive to killing intent, she had reached her limit.  She had only woken up after getting stabbed just now.
‘I need to rest.’
She checked the time. It had been about 14 hours since she parted ways with the man. 
The explorers on the first floor must be heading back to find Night Companions, too.
“Hey Barbarian, are you looking for a Night Companion?”
Explorers were approaching, now that she was wandering around the area. And they were very enthusiastic.
“Hmm, you look pretty tired.  Come with us?”
“A Barbarian is reliable. We’d have three if you came along.  What do you say?”
She felt like a popular prostitute. 
Were they all on the second day, like her?
She didn’t see any bastards trying to pick a fight about the smell. Maybe the smell wasn’t the problem from the start.  After all, her appearance yesterday was pretty bad, covered in blood and limping with one shoe missing.
“Yeah, that’s a shame.”
Although numerous offers came pouring in, she rejected them all, continuing through the passageway.
Ugh, where is there a decent Barbarian?
It would be best for her to find someone of her own kind to be a Night Companion.  The problem was that she hadn’t even seen a single Barbarian since the start of the second day.
“You’re looking for someone of your own kind? Hmm, it’s going to be difficult.”
“Difficult? Why?”
“Even newly initiated Barbarians climb to the upper floors within two or three months. There can’t be more than a hundred of them on the first floor.” 
According to her inquiries, Barbarians were uncommon on the first floor.  Then again, it would be strange for someone with a body like hers to be hanging around the first floor.
From the start, 99% of the explorers she met on the first floor were human.
“Why don’t you come with us instead?”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t.”
“Alright.  May the blessings of Laphdonia be with you on your journey.”
“Thank you.”
The man seemed reliable enough, but she kept going after ending the conversation. 
Now that she knew how much Barbarian hearts were worth, every explorer seemed suspicious.
Click.
She took out her compass.
She’d been heading south ever since she got it, but she still hadn’t escaped the goblin territory.
It made her realize how vast the first floor was.
‘… Should I give up on finding someone of my own kind?’
Her hesitation didn’t last long. 
She decided to give up on searching for a needle in a haystack and make a realistic plan. 
She’d find a Night Companion, even if it wasn’t someone of her own kind.
But no humans. 
She’d find one of the minority species, who only made up about 1% of the population.
A fairy who valued promises, or a dwarf with a personality as carefree as a Barbarian would be ideal, but…
It wouldn’t matter if it was another species.
The minority species were generally more laid back than humans.  They had the potential to climb higher and higher with time, but they wouldn’t be tempted by a little money and go after other explorers.
With that decided, she wandered the cave for about an hour.
And…
“The character has encountered an injured, unfamiliar fairy.” 
She had finally found the minority species she was looking for.
***
The moment their eyes met, a heavy silence descended.
“... ”
The fairy with pointy ears leaned against the wall, staring at her silently.  Was she sleeping alone, without a Night Companion?
Her amber eyes, which shone like a cat’s, conveyed a sense of bewilderment and strong suspicion.  It was obvious that she just wanted her to leave and disappear, but…
Swoosh.
The fairy rose from her position, looking tense, as the standoff continued.  But her posture was awkward.
She took a closer look and saw a wound on her abdomen.
“You’re injured.”
It wasn’t deep, but it was a long, gaping wound. It wasn’t something a goblin’s dagger could have done.
She quickly came to a conclusion.
“Human?”
The fairy didn’t answer. 
She must have been afraid of her.
She understood. If she was injured and a hulking giant like her approached, she’d be terrified too.
And she was female. 
She was small, maybe 160 centimeters tall?
At any rate, it was a good situation—
“Please save me.”
Huh?
“Please.  Just look at me once, Barbarian. I have a younger sibling in the city that I need to take care of.”
She was still processing this turn of events.
The fairy dropped to her knees, without hesitation.  Her eyes glistened with tears.
“Please.”
What was going on?  Why was this fairy so spineless? 
Honestly, she thought she’d be a cool beauty.  Not only because of her looks, but also because fairies in the game usually talked and acted like that.  
Ugh, if she had known this character was like this, she would have approached her differently.
She had to clear up the misunderstanding before things got worse. 
“I don’t plan on killing you.”
She spoke with a clear voice, holding the fairy’s gaze.  Eyes are the window to the soul, so if she gave her time to calm down, she would understand that her words were true—
“... Why do you have to be like this, Barbarian?”
— Not at all.
A sense of identity crisis hit her.  She felt like a barbarian harassing a high school girl in front of the school. She was definitely a Barbarian.
“Just once, please. Just look away for once.”
The fairy took a step back, her gaze full of even more fear, clutching at her collar.
She was speechless.
What kind of life did Barbarian bastards live?  What was their usual image? Why was this girl acting like this?
“Ugh… ”
She let out a sigh.
What should she do?
Would it clear up the misunderstanding if she showed her that she wasn’t that kind of trash through her actions, not words?
…  It seemed like a good way to go.
“Get treated first.  We’ll talk later.”
She took a step back and threw some herbs and bandages from her bag.
“This is… Licho leaf…?”
That was definitely Licho leaf. 
She could use it without worry now.  She hadn’t used it earlier, because she had been worried that it might be a poisonous herb. 