## Chapter 11: The Second Floor (1)
He had a feeling they might have split up by now.  "If you see a Barbarian using a hammer and shield," he instructed, "don't approach recklessly.  Await reinforcements."
The descriptions of the Barbarian's appearance had spread.  Not much detail, but it didn't matter.  He doubted there was another Barbarian out there using a shield, besides himself.
"Sir...?"  Erwen looked up at him with anxious eyes.
He knew what she was thinking, and he couldn't help but smirk.  "Don't worry. I won't abandon you."
He had already made up his mind to help her.  The reason was simple.  He always enjoyed helping people in trouble.  As long as it benefited him.
"As I said before, I'll take nine of the spoils, and you get one.  Understood?"
"Of course. I'll be sure to repay your kindness."
Kindness, huh...?
"Yes, repay it. You'd better."
If he was willing to give it to her, there was no reason not to accept.  He wouldn't expect much, but still.
"Yes, sir. I will...!"  Erwen gripped her fists tightly, her eyes filled with determination.  He tightened his bootlaces, preparing to move.
"So, what do we do now?"
"We move through the outer zone.  Summon your spirit again.  We'll talk on the way."
"Yes."
Using a fist-sized ball of fire as a torch, they walked through the darkness. He had a few more questions to ask.
"How long can you summon your spirit for?"
"If we just need it to illuminate our surroundings, I can maintain it for at least ten hours."
"And how long does it take to recover?"
"Just two hours of rest."
"Good."
The situation was much better than he'd expected.  If everything went according to plan, they would escape their pursuers without much risk.  And he would be rewarded for the risk he had taken.
"Sir." Erwen spoke up, interrupting his thoughts.
"Yes?"
"Is it alright if I ask where we're going now?"
Oh, he hadn't told her.
"The second floor."
"The, second floor...?!"
"Don't look at me like that. You heard me right."
"You and I? Together?"
"Yes, you and me, together."
To be honest, it wasn't so much a choice as a plan he'd had from the beginning.  On the first floor, there was little to gain by moving as a duo, but…
The second floor was different.
"Um… Sir? The second floor is completely different from the first. You know that, right... ?"
"I know."
On the first floor, he'd encountered maybe three or four goblins at a time.  On the second floor, that number would multiply to a dozen or more.  There were also mutated goblins, and even high-level monsters.
"But, we should be fine if we only stick to the entrance area. You and I are a pretty good match."
"Me? With you?"
He wasn't sure what she was surprised about, but a close-range tank and a long-range dealer were a good combination.  That was the main reason he'd been contemplating going to the upper floors with Erwen.  Even if they split the stones evenly, their gains would increase significantly there.
But he had discarded the idea because they had no way to navigate the darkness.
"I… I mean, no matter how you look at it, it seems like we're going into an Orc stronghold, avoiding Goblins..."
If he'd suggested it before, she would have flatly refused.  He could tell that from her reaction.
But now, things were different.
"Do you have any other ideas?  As you know, this place is swarming with those bastards."
He'd given Erwen a motive to go to the second floor, and he was able to increase the loot split to 9:1.
Of course, it wasn't as if his decision wasn't influenced by emotional factors.
[For the one who catches the elf, there's a reward of 10,000 stones and an exclusive opportunity to have first access.]
He hated those bastards.  No, it was more than just hatred, it was disgust.
But if he could get back at them while also gaining a reward larger than the risk, and even get the added benefit of feeling good about helping someone?
That was the epitome of efficiency.
"I'll give you a chance to choose. What will you do?"
"I'll go... " Erwen nodded, her expression a mix of resignation and begrudging agreement.  It seemed like the message stone notification had been the decisive factor.
Nice timing.
"Then let's keep moving."
"...But do you know the way to the second floor?"
"Not exactly."
"What?"
"Don't worry.  If we keep heading north, we'll find it eventually."
This wasn't wishful thinking, but fact.  If you followed the darkness in one direction, you would inevitably find a portal.  The darkness itself was like a route leading to the upper floors.
The structure was so labyrinthine, though, that you were bound to get lost. 
But it was a risk worth taking.
"It's a Goblin trap!"
As they were walking, they came across a trap.  It was much later than he'd expected.  It should have been there long ago.
Could it be that the Goblins avoid areas without light?  Like they did in the game?
If so, he felt a sense of unease.  He'd been dropped into darkness right at the start and encountered Goblins immediately.  What kind of bad luck did he have?
"I'll take care of it! You rest!"
Erwen saw an opportunity to impress him, and stepped forward in front of him.
"Just in case, don't use your spirit."
"...Of, of course!"
Her face was filled with a mixture of surprise and trepidation as she approached the trap.
And then...
"Grrr!"
As the Goblin emerged, she quickly shot an arrow already strung on her bow from point-blank range.
Pft-!
Wow, she was like Legolas.
She was much more skilled than he'd anticipated.  Her movements were incredibly agile.
"How about that?"
Erwen looked at him with a triumphant grin, having defeated the Goblin.
"You would have used your spirit normally?"
"Yes... "
"Well done. You are an elf after all, judging by your archery skills."
Erwen blushed, a mixture of shyness and joy on her face. Did she really like being acknowledged?  He'd been trying to subtly insult her, not her skills, but her personality.
"But, I'll take care of the fighting from now on.  You should save your arrows as much as possible."
"Oh, but I can just pick them up again. I don't need to draw them."
Erwen bent over and retrieved the stone and arrow.  The arrow looked perfect, with no visible damage.
"...I see."
Damn, she was embarrassing him.
In the game, arrows were disposable items.  You lost them once you shot them.  However, you could carry thousands at a time.
"Here you go!" Erwen held out her small hand.
"Take it! You get one for every nine I get, right?  I'll work hard! Then I can earn some too. I promised my little brother that I would buy him something when I get back!"
Uh, um, hmm...
"Yeah, work hard... "
Was she subtly insulting him?
***
As they continued their rapid trek north, dispatching Goblins along the way, a voice suddenly came from the message stone, breaking the silence.
[Additional information.  Hartz Young, who was attacked by the elf, has raised the bounty to 20,000 stones.  Alive or dead, it doesn't matter.]
That meant they had to be within 300 meters of those bastards.
Instinctively, Erwen pressed closer to him.
"Don't worry.  They won't go out of their way to find us, even if they have to use torches."
"You think so?"
"Yes."
He was practically certain.  He'd been listening in on their conversations through the message stone, and realized they were more like a gang of thugs than a proper group.  They didn't seem to be very cohesive.  
They probably only formed this group for their own convenience.  The first floor was too dangerous to navigate with more than five people at a time.
[I'm thinking about moving to hunt Blade Wolves.  Anyone want to come along? No replies needed.]
[I'm tired.  Anyone want to rest with me?  Come to the pond by the big rock. No replies needed.]
He'd heard these transmissions all the way here.  Some people just didn't care about the bounty, even though it had been put up.
However, he was still on edge.  Not because things had gone wrong, but because everything was going too smoothly.
Damn it...
His luck was usually bad enough that something would go wrong by now.  The fact that nothing had happened made him even more uneasy.
"Sir!"
What was it?
"There, it's a Ghoul!"
He couldn't see it.  He tilted his head, and Erwen moved the ball of fire forward.
Damn, she had good eyes.
Now, he could see the Ghoul's silhouette.  Its rotting skin, empty eye sockets, long, sharp claws that resembled claws, and human-like body on all fours.  It looked exactly like the illustration he'd seen on the loading screen.
But the problem was...
‘What the hell? Why is a Ghoul here?’
The monsters that appeared on the first floor varied depending on the cardinal direction.  And Ghouls were found in the west.
Did they get lost and end up near the border?
It was possible.  They were heading north, but they did make a few detours when they encountered dead ends.
He'd deal with that later.
"...Are we going to fight alone again?"
Erwen made it very clear that she wasn't enthusiastic about fighting the Ghoul, unlike when she was fighting the Goblins.
Was she scared because she was seeing a new monster for the first time?
She was really a strange kid.
"I'll lead the charge.  You just watch the one in the back."
"Yes!"
After sharing a rough strategy, he slowly walked forward.
There were three Ghouls blocking the passage, all in a crouched position.
Thump.
He was quite close, but they didn't move an inch.
Hmm, in the game, they'd only attack if you got within a certain range.  Was that the case in reality too?
Thump.
He carefully took another step forward, and all three Ghouls charged at them simultaneously.
"Grrr!"
They sounded like Goblins.
Was it because they were level 9?  Damn, they were so generic.
"Hyaa!"
Instead of backing away, he stepped forward and slammed his hammer down on the Ghoul leading the charge.
Hammer Smash.
Kwang-!
The head of one Ghoul was crushed instantly.  An arrow flew from behind, striking another Ghoul.
Pft!
She really liked targeting the forehead.
He shoved another charging Ghoul away with his shield, then finished it off with Hammer Smash.  The fight was over in an instant.
[You have defeated a Ghoul. EXP +1]
The battle was over in a flash, but he took a moment to review it.
In terms of combat strength, Ghouls were superior to Goblins.
They were much stronger and faster.
Well, Goblins did have traps...
But the ones who got caught were just dumb.
Of course, that was assuming there was light around.
"Still, they're much better than Goblins."
"What? Why?"
"Because Goblins take longer to kill."
As long as he didn't get overwhelmed in a frontal attack, it seemed more efficient to hunt Ghouls than Goblins.  Those bastards didn't just set a trap and wait for someone to get caught.  They were also a major plus because they didn't attack first until you got close to them.
"Next time, it would be more efficient to kill one first with an arrow."
"Yes. That sounds like a good plan."
After sharing a short battle plan, he collected the stones that had fallen to the ground and put them in his bag.
"Sir...?"
"What is it?"
"Um, it's my turn to get one now..."
"Oh, right."
They continued down the passage.
***
His assumption that they were near the border was correct.  
For a while, Ghouls and Goblins appeared alternately, but as they continued to move north, only Goblins started to appear again.
How much time had passed since then?
[22:47]
The third day was nearing its end.  Even after taking a four-hour break, they continued to head north, and eventually found it.
A single crimson line drawn on the ground.
"Oh, it's blood.  It doesn't look like a Goblin, but who could it be?"
He had a feeling he knew who it belonged to.
He followed the trail, and found a piece of bread.  It was scattered at regular intervals.
He was certain now.  He followed the trail of blood.
"Um, you've been really quiet since earlier... "
Ten minutes.
"Are you angry with me?"
Thirty minutes.
"Sir?"
Two hours.
"..."
After walking for what seemed like forever, he finally found a discarded sandal on the ground.
He couldn't help but swear.
"Sir..."
"Damn it, are you messing with me?"
"No, I'm sorry! I don't know what—"
A portal was within arm's reach.