##  Return (3) 
A blinding light engulfed my vision, followed by a softer glow that brought it back. Dazed, I looked up at the sky. Such bright light felt like a distant memory. Though, it was nothing more than a dull, ashen sky.
“Derek, are you going back to the inn?”
“After a month away? Of course not. I'll go straight to the tavern after a wash.”
“I'm back!!!”
“Adventurers with a rating of 7 or lower, gather here!”
The commotion around me was beyond just noisy. It was to be expected, with all the adventurers who entered the Labyrinth gathering in one place… 
But even so, I didn’t expect to see this many adventurers in the city. It was like a scene from Gwanghwamun Square during the World Cup. 
Click, click.
I adjusted my watch, setting it to 12 o’clock. Even inside the Labyrinth, only a day passes in the city.  Whether you spend days there or just a few hours, when you return, it's noon the next day. 
‘When I was playing the game, I just thought of it as a detail of the world-building, a little consideration from the developers…'
With this system, even after venturing into the Labyrinth, you can continue quests that take place in the city.  It was a feature intended for the players’ convenience, I thought.
“Bjorn, son of Yandell!”
Who is it? The voice sounded familiar…
I turned my head towards the sound and saw a Barbarian standing at eye level, just like me. I distinctly remember him as the first leader. 
“Karak, second son of Blood-Eye.”
“Third son of the Eye of Fire.”
Wait…  So Ainar is the second son?
Despite the overwhelming crowd, it was easy for the tall Barbarians to spot each other. 
“Serum, fourth son of Kenic! You made it back alive!”
“And you seem fine too, thankfully. Karak, third son of the Eye of Fire!”
I didn’t even move, but the Barbarians were swarming towards me. 
“Haa-haa-haa-haa! That Blade Wolf was nothing! My axe cut through them all!”
“Of course, with your axe skills, it would be no match. Parman, son of Nerun!”
Was this a reunion? I was completely overwhelmed.
They kept shouting those long names as greetings, praising each other’s prowess. 
They’re truly strange. Their heads might not be the sharpest, but how do they manage to memorize those long names?
“Bjorn! What are you doing? We’re going to exchange the stones now, are you coming?”
I cleared my throat and answered as loudly as I could.
“Yes, I’ll go.”
“You must be tired! Your voice is weak!”
“I am!”
I thought I’d been doing a good job of acting like a Barbarian, but now my confidence is wavering. Natives are different. 
“There he is!”
“To the place that proves the valor of warriors!”
I naturally got swept into the flow of the Barbarian group, and as such, I was able to go through the necessary procedures as an adventurer.  
Nothing special, just the process of exchanging stones for currency at the checkpoint. 
“24,476 stones.”
“28,420 stones.”
“41,498 stones.”
It was like a checkout line at a supermarket. Especially the speed. The officials sitting at their desks were incredibly efficient. They’d just place the bag of stones on some device, the number would appear, and they’d hand over the money like robots. 
Intrigued, I watched, only to be met with the barbaric babble of those around me. 
“Ooooh! Over 40,000 stones? Truly amazing!”
“Karak, third son of the Eye of Fire, is a warrior among warriors!”
Ugh,  living with the Elves for a few days has left me out of touch.  
I need to find Erwen… Why are all these other people here instead of her? I’m just standing here…
“Bjorn, son of Yandell! It’s your turn!”
My turn came while I was lost in thought. I approached the desk and laid the bag in front of the seemingly soulless official. 
“Are all three bags stones?”
The other two were the Tall Guy’s and the Samurai’s. 
But now they were all mine. Forty minutes ago, they became my property.
“Yes.”
When I nodded, the official placed the bag on some kind of scale. And then he recited the exact amount. 
“182,413 stones.”
So, if a slice of bread cost around 20 stones, I had earned over 9,000 slices in a week? 
Just yesterday, I was feeling sad, thinking that a slice of bread was all I got for killing a Goblin…
…For some reason, I feel a lump in my throat.
“180,000 stones! Bjorn, son of Yandell, earned 180,000 stones!”
“A record-breaking amount! Bjorn, son of Yandell, is the greatest warrior ever!”
These guys don’t even give me a moment to get sentimental. 
I quickly received the money from the official and stepped out of the checkpoint. But as I emerged into the crowd, my appearance finally registered. The Barbarians who had already come out started spouting nonsense.
“It’s not just the stones! He’s carrying a hammer!”
“No, he’s even got shoes! I’m jealous!”
“He has three bags!”
“He’s looking at his watch! Can he even read it?”
“How is this even possible? Is Bjorn, son of Yandell, a mage?”
Well, I can’t blame them for their reactions. 
It must seem like magic. A Barbarian who entered the Labyrinth bare-handed, emerged as a civilized man. I must be the first!
Shit, this praise is overwhelming. My body is getting excited on its own. 
Whoa, calm down, Bjorn. 
I am…
“The greatest warrior ever!!!”
“Waaaaaaaah!!!”
The Barbarians erupted in a frenzy as I shouted. Then they started carrying me around in celebration. 
Surprisingly, it feels good.  
Whatever. 
“You can’t make this much noise here.”
“Sorry! I apologize!”
“Could you keep your voice down…?”
“Okay!!”
Finally, the staff member came over and scolded them, and the madness subsided. 
I regained my composure, sat on the ground like the other Barbarians, and waited for the remaining adventurers to finish the checkpoint. 
Then it happened.
“….”
I felt someone’s gaze and turned my head. Amongst the bustling crowd of adventurers, I saw an Elf staring back at me.
Erwen.
Since when has she been watching me?  I wish she had started looking at me after the celebration ended…
“….”
As our eyes met, Erwen smiled, seemingly happy to see me. However, she quickly turned her gaze away because the beautiful Elves next to her started talking to her. 
Curiosity got the better of me, so I listened in. Their conversation was quite refreshing.  Should I say it was too unrealistic, with them quietly chatting, calling each other ‘Unnie’ and ‘Oppa’?
“Unnie! I think I finally understand how to control spirits! I get why Granny Grendellin always said to make friends first.”
“Oh, really? Fire spirits are quite temperamental, so you’ll be able to hear them soon enough.”
Hmm, you’re one of them, huh? I’m surrounded by Barbarian brutes. 
Jealousy. 
I was watching Erwen, longing for something I didn’t have, when our eyes met again. This was my chance. I mouthed the words, 
‘Tonight.’
Erwen tilted her head in confusion, then giggled and mouthed the reply,
‘Yes!’
I could tell that our secret conversation was quite entertaining for her. 
But I’m not sure if she understood what I said. Did she even say ‘yes’? 
Ugh, I need to have a proper conversation with her once we’re out of the checkpoint.
As I was thinking that, it happened.
“Why are you looking over there? Do you know them?”
“Oh, no! Unnie! How could I!”
Erwen hurriedly shook her head at her sister’s question. Then, she glanced at me and mouthed the words, 
‘Sorry!’
I definitely heard that correctly this time. 
And I could understand her gesture of discreetly pointing at her sister and shaking her head back and forth.  She couldn’t help it because of her sister. 
Well, it’s a two-way street.
“Bjorn, son of Yandell! What are you looking at? Do you know that Elf?”
“No!”
“Of course not! A great warrior like you wouldn’t be friends with those cunning, pointy-eared creatures!”
I wanted to shut this guy up, but I couldn’t. His booming voice drew the attention of the Elves nearby. 
Erwen was among them. She looked at me with sorrowful eyes and nodded, seemingly understanding. 
“Ugh…,”
I saw that desperate look and realized what I was doing. 
What am I even doing? It’s not Romeo and Juliet.
“Let’s go!”
The Barbarians finished the checkpoint and headed for the exit. I figured it would be impossible to have a conversation with Erwen while she was with her sisters, so I followed them.
As usual, there was a crowd waiting at the entrance. 
“Dad! Are you okay? I missed you!”
“Brother! Over here, over here!”
Yeah, this was a thing in the game too.  Simply put, these people were family and friends of the adventurers. 
“Let’s go! I’ll open the way!”
“Woo-ooo-oo-ooo!”
I joined the Barbarians, pushing through a crowd swirling with emotions: joy, relief, despair, sadness, love. I took in each face, one by one. It was a strange feeling.
“Rimarion! Where’s my husband?  Don’t tell me…,”
“I’m sorry, he asked me to give you this.”
“No… No.  No… Aah!”
I had played [Dungeon & Stone] countless times, but I could never understand the expressions I saw through the 2D graphics on my monitor. 
***
I had a reason for sticking with the Barbarians. I figured there were more procedures for newbies to go through in the city, like the checkpoint we just left. 
However, I was wrong. 
“It’s time for drinks! Let’s drink!”
“Woo-ooo-ooo-oooo!”
The Barbarians headed straight for the tavern as soon as they were out of the Labyrinth. 
Are you kidding me? 
“I’m going to step out.”
“Wait! The greatest warrior, Bjorn, son of Yandell!”
My already long name has been given a nickname.
I silently chanted “patience” in my head and excused myself, saying I had somewhere to be.
“May fortune be with you, the greatest warrior, Bjorn, son of Yandell!”
I’m telling you, you can’t predict anything about these guys.  They don’t follow any kind of logic.
“Ugh, finally some peace and quiet.”
My mind feels like it’s going to explode from spending even a short time with them. Did Erwen feel like this when she was with me? 
I need to tone down the Barbarian act next time.
Step, step.
I separated from the group and just walked through the city.  I have a destination, but right now, I just want to follow my feet wherever they lead me. 
Peace. 
When I first saw the city, it was midnight. But now it’s daytime, and the streets are filled with people. 
Amazingly, this gives me a sense of stability.
“….”
There are no monsters here. No humans who would hurt me. I could even sleep on the street and be perfectly fine.  Maybe someone would even offer me help. 
There are laws, rules, and even leisure time. 
Of course, this is a different world. Despite appearances, their beliefs, culture, and social system are barbaric compared to 21st century standards. But, even so, it’s peaceful.  At least compared to the Labyrinth, where I spent a week.
“….”
I kept walking, seeking out that feeling of stability.  The adventurers had just come out of the Labyrinth, so my blood-stained appearance didn’t stand out. No one looked at me strangely. 
However, as I kept walking, I realized I wanted to wash up.  So I stopped at the first inn I saw, booked a room, and showered. 
It was a bit strange.  There was more blood than dirt in the water when I washed my body.
“….”
After an hour of meticulously washing myself, I stepped outside.  My clothes felt disgusting. Damn, I should have bought new clothes to wash too.
I felt like taking a nap, but I went back out to find a clothing store. 
But why?
No one was looking at me strangely, but I was somehow embarrassed.  My shirt was off, and my pants, stained with dirt and blood, were still the same. No, actually my body was much cleaner. 
I felt like a Barbarian again.  Why?
“Welcome!”
As I entered a shop that appeared to be a clothing store, a friendly clerk approached me. 
He smiled at me, a beggar Barbarian, but his greeting was welcoming. I haven’t seen a clerk this professional, even in Seoul…
“A shirt? If you want something custom made, the shop next door…  Oh, you’re looking for something to wear right now? I’m not sure if we have anything that fits, but I’ll look for you.”
With the help of the clerk, I was able to purchase a shirt that felt like it was going to burst and black cotton pants. 
Together, it cost 2,500 stones.  
I don’t know if I got ripped off or not. In the game, I never bought clothes that had no particular function. 
“Come again next time!”
Now sporting a more human appearance, I returned to the inn.  Whether I was speaking to the clerk who exchanged stones or the one I just met, I could sense a strange, modern vibe. 
This city, Laphdonia.
Most of the buildings are made of stone, and all of them have many floors.  No, on the main thoroughfare, you’d be hard-pressed to find a building with less than three floors.  When I took a shower, I noticed that the water came out of a faucet. 
Perhaps, living in this city wouldn’t be as bad as I thought.
“….”
Upon arriving at the inn, I collapsed onto the bed.  As I recalled everything that had happened over the past seven days, I realized that I was just like Hans, that older man. 
When I first arrived in this place, my only goal was to survive. 
But what about now?
I finally uttered the words I had been suppressing for so long.
“I want to go home.”
I want to go home.  Even if there is no one there to greet me.