## Chapter 17: Laphdonia (1)
He slowly opened his eyes.
Then, closing them again, he spoke to himself. “Get up and do what you need to do.” 
The thought of the many tasks ahead of him in the city invigorated his still-sleepy body.  Yes, he would do it. 
First, he checked the time: [21:18].
He had left the Labyrinth at noon, so he must have slept for about four hours, excluding all the other things he did. But maybe it was because he slept in a bed? He felt incredibly refreshed despite the short time.
His stomach rumbled. 
Although he had some bread left from the Labyrinth, he decided to eat out. In this world, money was as precious as life itself, but…
A little luxury wouldn't hurt.
“…….”
Despite washing up thoroughly earlier, he felt a lingering scent emanating from his body, so he quickly took another shower and left the inn.
He walked through the quiet night streets. It felt a little stifling, not psychologically, but physically. 
The beige shirt he wore was a medieval style with a plunging neckline, and lace embellishments on the sleeves and collar. Instead of buttons, there was a string attached to the deep V-shaped neckline, which he had to cross and tighten like a shoelace…
Even with the strings fully loosened, it felt too small. 
He understood why the Barbarians went shirtless. They simply didn’t have clothes that fit.  How tragic a race!
“….But where should I go?”
His top priority was to meet Erwen at the agreed-upon location.
However, he had no idea where the Black Whale Tavern was. He vaguely remembered it being in the southern part of the city, relative to the Dimensional Plaza where the Labyrinth portal opened. But the city’s size in the game was shrunk by tens of thousands of times, so it wasn’t much help in finding his way around.
Ultimately, he asked passing strangers for directions.
“The Black Whale Tavern? Never heard of it.”
“I’ve never heard that name before.”
Most people said they had never heard of it. But then there was one middle-aged man with a few streaks of gray in his hair.
“The Black Whale Tavern… I haven’t heard that name in ages. You look young, how do you even know about it? It should have been gone for a decade.”
He was grateful for the compliment, but not for the information.
“…Gone, you say?”
“Yes, it was an old family business that had been passed down for generations, but the son got into gambling and the ownership changed hands. They changed the name as well.”
The speculation he had held since exiting the Labyrinth seemed to be confirmed.
So, the world he had played in was actually from an earlier time period than this era?
If so, then everything—like the ‘demon’ and the antagonistic relationship between Barbarians, Elves, and Fairies—made sense. He would have to check out the library as soon as the sun rose.
“Thank you, that was a great help.”
“Hee hee, never seen a Barbarian as polite as you. It’s quite refreshing.”
He parted ways with the old man and continued walking through the night. The tavern seemed to be still in operation, even though the name was changed. He decided to check it out.
He hoped Erwen had found her way there as well. 
‘Paidenpus.’
He stopped in front of the tavern and paused for a moment. He could read the pronunciation, but he didn’t know the meaning. Was this another example of an ancient language in this world? He would definitely have to research the language knowledge that had automatically been instilled in his mind at some point.
“Huhahaha!”
“If you want to fight, take it outside!”
The tavern interior was exactly as he imagined.  Drunken people, adventurers, music, chaos, cigarette smoke, and the occasional exotic race.
As he scanned the place from the entrance, he noticed a familiar silver head in a corner seat. The pointed ears were a giveaway.
He was thrilled to see her and about to make his way over, when…
Thud.
A drunken fool bumped his shoulder and walked past him first.
It would’ve been fine if that was all…
“Hey, Fairy girls. You look bored. How about some drinks with me?”
The fool had approached Erwen and made such a cheesy remark.
Actually, upon reflection, that wasn’t a problem either.
But…
“What a shithole. It’s attracting nothing but garbage rats.”
Erwen…?
When did you become so sassy?
“…What? Rats, garbage rats?”
The fool, dumbfounded by the biting sarcasm, looked shocked. He probably looked just as dumbstruck.
“Scram. If you don’t want a hole in your forehead.”
Judging by her tone of voice, she was a girl who particularly enjoyed punching foreheads… It seemed he had picked the wrong person to mess with.
What was going on?
He needed to find out. 
But first, he needed to take care of this fool. 
“What, what are you?…”
As he approached the man and grabbed his shoulder, the lecherous fellow turned his head, and…
“Oh, uh, uh…”
He opened his eyes.
“You didn’t hear me say scram?”
“…I heard you.”
“Then why are you just standing there?”
The man didn’t reply. He quickly squeezed past him and went back to his seat without even stumbling.
Then, he heard her voice.
“Oh, hey, bro!”
It was the voice he knew so well.
But he wasn’t surprised. He had never believed the rumors that Erwen had a split personality.
…Really. 
After all, the man had called them “Fairy girls”, hadn’t he?
“You’re the Barbarian, aren’t you?”
He couldn’t see her face because of a pillar, but there were two people sitting at the table.
“Yeah, probably. But who are you?”
“Her older sister.”
Really? So she had a sister?
Her side profile looked exactly like her. 
“Her sister is your name?”
“…You’re slow. Call me Thersia.”
Erwen’s last name was Thersia. 
It seemed her sister wasn’t planning to share her name.
“Alright, Thersia. Can I sit down now?”
“Go ahead.”
He sat down without hesitation.
Then, he observed Thersia.
She didn’t seem to be a twin. She looked a few years older, and their features were quite different when viewed from the front. 
Maybe it was her eyes, but she had a fierce aura.
Actually, it wasn’t just her eyes, was it?
“Barbarian.”
“Bjorn, son of Yandell.”
“Whatever. Anyway, why did you bring this little girl to a place like this?”
“Hey, sis…?”
“Shut up.”
Erwen was about to intervene, but her sister cut her off.
Interesting.
He would worry about why Erwen brought her sister later. It seemed that her sister didn’t like him, and it wasn’t just because he was a Barbarian.
He had a feeling about it.
He needed to find out.
“Thersia, what is your purpose in meeting me?”
“Erwen snuck out last night.  When I asked her where she was, she said she spent all night waiting for someone at a tavern. I was curious to see who was keeping my little sister waiting.”
Wait, I don’t understand?
“What do you mean, last night?”
“Are you playing dumb?”
Her expression didn’t seem like she was joking.
“…Erwen, how long has it been since we left the Labyrinth?”
“Oh, um… about thirty hours!”
Holy shit, she had slept for over a day. Not just four hours.
No wonder she felt so refreshed.
“I apologize. I didn’t realize a day had passed while I was sleeping.”
Thersia’s expression softened at his sincere apology.
He felt a pang of sadness.
It seemed that she didn’t question the fact that he slept for more than a day.
“I never expected a Barbarian to respect time.”
He had nothing to say.
“So, why did you call Erwen here?”
He could give a long and detailed explanation… 
But he cut her off.
“It’s none of your business. If you’re curious, ask Erwen later.”
In other words, mind your own business and leave, but thankfully Thersia understood. She smirked.
“Interesting. You’re just a newbie who just entered the Labyrinth.”
“What does being a newbie have to do with anything? Erwen’s an adventurer. If you’re not going to be her lifelong protector, then you should change your attitude.”
“You’re savage.”
“Hey, sis? Bro…?”
Erwen was flustered and bouncing on her feet as the standoff began.
Thersia placed a pouch on the table. 
“350,000 Stones.”
“…Why are you giving this to me?”
“It’s the price of the Essence Erwen absorbed.”
Ah, so she was trying to buy him off. 
This felt like a plotline from a morning drama, and it gave him a strange feeling.
“Why aren’t you taking it? Are you plotting something else?”
No, that wasn’t the case.
If she was paying for the Essence, then he had no intention of asking for a ‘promise’ in return from Erwen.
But he hadn’t heard Erwen’s side of the story yet.
“What about you? Do you agree?”
“That…,”
Erwen trailed off.
Was she that scared of her sister?
He originally wanted to have this conversation when they were alone, but since this was how it turned out, he decided to have it now.
“The promise I wanted was for you to help me get the Essence I need, until I get it.”
“What? Is that all?”
“Yes. I’d like to continue working as a team after that if possible, but that’s a separate issue. I don’t need any promises. We’ll split the loot 50/50 from now on.”
In short, he wanted to form a two-person party. 
What would Erwen’s answer be?
The answer was clear.
“I’m sorry.”
She had declined.
Her sister explained the reason, as Erwen hung her head.
“Erwen will be entering the Labyrinth with me.”
“Now?”
“I never intended to leave Erwen alone. It was just tradition for her first time, but now she’s ready to come with me.”
I see.
So, as soon as she finished the tutorial, she had a knight in shining armor to pick her up.
Damn blood ties. 
“Take this pouch if you understand.”
Erwen had decided to give up gracefully. 
She was a good partner, but he didn’t have to force her to stay with him.
But he had to make sure the accounts were settled.
“350,000 Stones is half the average market price for the Essence, right?”
“Of course. It’s loot we earned together.”
As a veteran player, he knew that 700,000 Stones was a pretty good price. 
But the ratio was wrong.
“Then you’re short 280,000 Stones. The agreed-upon distribution ratio was 9:1.”
“Fine.”
Thersia readily pulled out another pouch.
He checked the contents and it contained exactly 280,000 Stones.
Damn, I almost got scammed! 
If he hadn’t said anything, he would’ve left with only 350,000 Stones.
Damn, these sneaky ear-things…
He understood why the Barbarians hated the Elves so much. 
“Mind leaving now? Erwen and I have things to discuss.”
“Do you really need to discuss anything?”
Erwen stepped in as the standoff was about to begin again.
“Sis, thanks for worrying about me and coming all this way, but I think I can go now.  
“Erwen?”
“I should say goodbye to Bro… right?”
“…Of course, you’re not a child anymore.”
Thersia sighed, her voice devoid of emotion. Then she looked at him.
“Barbarian, swear that you will not sleep with Erwen.  Then I’ll leave immediately.”
Huh? Did I hear that right?
“Sis, sis?!”
Hmm, I heard correctly.
Not sleep with her…
Does that mean everything below the neck is fair game?
“I swear. On my warrior’s honor.”
“Oh, Bro?”
“Then that’s settled.”
Thersia finally stood up.
Then…
“Oh, I almost forgot. Barbarian, thanks for saving Erwen.”
She said that one last thing and left the tavern, coolly. 
***
Ting-a-ling.
The bell above the door chimed as Erwen slumped over the table.
“Ugh! What do I do? I’ve never talked back like that before… Do you think she’s mad?”
“I don’t think so.”
“How do you know, Bro?”
Well, she looked at you, smirked, and left. You didn’t notice, but I did.
…Wait, why did you ask that question?
Erwen scratched her head a few times before coming back to her senses.
“Oh, right! I’m sorry. I’m really grateful for your offer, but I promised to work with my sister, and it was a promise we made a long time ago.” 
“Don’t apologize.”
Even if it were me, if a high-level Elf was offering to be my sponsor, I wouldn’t choose to suffer alongside a low-level Barbarian, out of loyalty. 
“Here, take this first.”
Erwen took out a small pouch and placed it on the table. 
“Exactly 63,000 Stones.”
It must be the price of the crossbow and the Stone the leader was carrying. 
He didn’t know the actual value, but he didn’t question it. 
It wouldn’t matter anyway.
How much do I have to give her if we split it 9:1?
“Oh, I took care of my share, so you don’t have to give me anything.”
Oh, I see. 
She’s quite sharp in this sort of situation. 
“I left the two bags that you and the leader were carrying at my room. There are a lot of things in there, so you should probably come see it tomorrow.”
“Alright.”
They had been together for a few days, and she knew what he was curious about. 
Before he even asked, the loot distribution issue had been settled.
However, as he moved on to the next topic, Erwen seemed a bit hesitant as she spoke.
“So… what do I need to do to repay you?”
“Repay?”
“I said I would repay you. You saved my life.”
Ah, I did say that.
“恩恵라……. (恩恵 – “恩恵” means grace, favor, or kindness. It is an honorific term in Korean.)”
He trailed off, and Erwen swallowed nervously.
…Could this be why her sister asked him to swear he wouldn’t sleep with Erwen? 
Is she afraid that I would ask for some weird form of repayment?
“Don’t tease me. Just tell me.”
She’s really gotten more perceptive.
She even recognized that he was teasing her.
“I don’t have anything in mind right now. I want to ask you to do something for me, but do you have any food cravings?”
“I’m not hungry.”
“Then I’ll just order for myself.”
He was staring at the menu on the wall when Erwen spoke, as if she had an idea.
“Oh, how about some drinks! Please order some drinks for me!”
“Drinks?”
“Yeah. I didn’t drink a single drop yesterday. I wanted to have my first return drink with Bro! Hee hee.”
She smiled brightly and looked up at him expectantly, as if asking for praise. 
A return drink, huh…
He remembered that it was a real thing.
It was a bit different from having a beer after work, of course.
For these races, who only left their sanctuaries when they came of age, the ‘first return drink’ was a significant event. 
Hmm, what should I say in this kind of situation?
“…That’s good to hear.”
“You should say thanks!”
“Thanks?”
“Thanks! We’re comrades who have gone through a lot in the Labyrinth.  We should have our first return drinks together, of course.”
What does she want?
He was pondering this question when Erwen scratched her cheek. 
“Of course, this wouldn’t be the first return drink for you, Bro.”
“What do you mean? It’s my first return drink too.”
“Really?!”
Why is she surprised?
“I told you I was twenty, didn’t I?”
“…That wasn’t a joke?”
She kept calling him ‘Bro’ even though she knew he was not a child. 
“This is my first time entering the Labyrinth.”
“Oh, I see.”
Erwen quickly looked away and then went to order drinks from the server. 
The food arrived after about twenty minutes.
“Bro, you’ve worked hard.”
So, she’s going to keep calling me ‘Bro’.
Fine by me.  We’re not going to see each other for long.
“…You’ve worked hard too.”
They shared some drinks and food and chatted about random things.  They had mostly only spoken when necessary in the Labyrinth, so this was the first time they had a personal conversation.
But they couldn’t stay like this forever.
“Bro, you’re wearing a shirt today.”
Yeah, you’re wearing a skirt.
We’ve talked about that enough. 
“Erwen, you said you’d repay me, right?”
“Yes? Yes, I did.”
“Then show me that ability you used back then right here, right now.”
Erwen tilted her head. 
She’s wondering if that’s really a form of repayment… 
But it was important to me.
I needed to know the differences and similarities between the Essence in the game and the Essence in real life.  
I might have to adjust my training methods.
“But why the Ability all of a sudden?”
“I have something I need to verify.”
“But it’s illegal to use Abilities in the city, you know? You’ll get caught by the guards.”
That explains why you couldn’t use skills in the village in the game.
So, is there no way around it?
He was pondering this question when Erwen offered a solution.
“What if we go somewhere with no people?  Oh, but my room’s off-limits.  No other race can enter.”
Elves have their own accommodation?
Hmm, what should I do? Should I take her to a deserted alley?
He was thinking this over when Erwen came up with the answer. 
“So, how about… my room?”
Oh, yeah, that works. 