## Chapter 19: Laphdonia (3)
“Then I’ll be off.”
“Oh, yes… See you later…”. 
After parting ways with Erwen, I made my way to the library. The scent of paper and ink calmed my nerves. The library was quiet, almost to the point where even a cough felt out of place.  Surrounded by studious younglings, I felt like an outsider.  But…
*Rrrrrrrrung!*
To my surprise, there was another Barbarian in the library besides me.  I approached him with a smile and nudged him on the back.
“Jan, Bjorn, the son of Jandel?!”
It was you.  Ainar, the second daughter of Fnellin.
“I’m glad to see you’re well.”
“And you too!”
“...We should probably lower our voices.”
Ainar, sensing the stares of the others, hushed her voice.
“I’m sorry.  I guess I was surprised to see another of our kind here besides myself.”
I was too.
“What brings you to the library?”
“You told me to always think and act, didn't you? After wandering through the Labyrinth, I realized that knowledge is essential to thinking.”
Well, I see. Quite impressive.  If only he wasn’t snoring with his nose practically buried in the book. 
“Something must have happened in the Labyrinth.”
“It wasn't easy from start to finish. Fighting wasn’t the problem…,” Ainar continued, his expression growing somber. 
“It wasn’t just monsters I needed to watch out for.”
Clearly, he was different from the other Barbarians.  Those guys would only brag about how easily they killed monsters. Never admitting to any hardship, even on the brink of death.
“So, that’s why you came to study here.”
“Yes, but I’m not sure this is for me. Reading is too difficult.  I should’ve learned more when I was younger.”
…Ah, so that’s the problem, is it?
“I’m planning to visit the sanctuary and ask the elders to teach me how to read again starting today. Now that I’m an adult, I have to pay the price.”
It was impressive nonetheless.  The fact that my casual advice had caused someone to change so much.
Ainar closed the book he had been reading and rose from his seat.
“Are you going right now?”
“If I don’t do it when I think about it, I’ll forget.”
I see. The more I learn about them, the more I pity this race.
“Then I’ll be off.”
Having exchanged brief greetings, Ainar turned to leave but stopped and turned back as if a thought had just struck him.
“Oh! Come to think of it, I promised to repay you for your advice if I came back alive. If you need anything, come to the ‘Angry Bull’ tavern. I'll do what I can to help.”
“I will.”
I could only hope he wouldn’t forget this promise within a day or two.  I had a feeling I’d be needing his help soon.
***
After Ainar left, I spent some time exploring the library.  It was a sight to behold – a building the size of the National Assembly, filled with books from floor to ceiling.  Even in the game, the library only had a sign saying "Under Construction" and wasn't accessible. 
So how do you find books in a place like this?  It wasn't like the modern world, where a few keystrokes on the keyboard would tell you exactly where the book was… 
Before I could dwell on it, I decided to seek help.
"Ahem."
I cleared my throat, and the librarian at the desk, who had been dozing off, slowly opened her eyes.
"What can I do for you?"
"I'm looking for a book.  Something related to history...," 
"Parsitievb."
The sleepy-faced librarian mumbled, even before I finished explaining the type of book I was looking for.  At the same time, a faint light seeped into my body.
What the hell, is that magic? 
"You'll find the book you're looking for as you browse. No lending, and please be sure to return the books to their original place after you've finished reading."
As the light faded, the librarian uttered her robotic instructions and returned to her slumber. 
…What is this woman?
I wasn’t particularly eager to wake her up again, so I continued to browse the library as instructed. 
Then, I came across books that seemed to draw me in.  I quickly realized what kind of magic it was.
Demons, history, labyrinths, explorers, essences. 
The books that pulled me in changed depending on the keywords I thought of.
‘What a convenient spell.’
It made sense that there was only one librarian.  Given its size, the library had practically no patrons.
I picked out the books that drew me in the most and opened them one by one.
[The World That Was Destroyed]
The first book I opened, almost 700 pages long, described the early history of this world.  Most of it matched the game.  Thousands of years ago, a witch's curse made the land uninhabitable, with only the last fortress of Laphdonia spared from the disaster.  The royal family, to save their starving subjects, opened a portal to another dimension.  That portal became the Labyrinth we know today. 
[A Beginner's Guide to Alchemy: Annotated Edition IV]
The second book described how the magic stones taken from monsters were turned into bread, water, and steel.  I didn't understand the process at all.  I devoured book after book, stuffing the knowledge into my head.
[The War of Relics III]
Thanks to these books, I learned in detail how the Barbarians and the Elves came to be in their current state, and what demons were.  Demons were perceived as evil beings from another dimension that possessed the bodies of the living.  
Well, it wasn’t entirely wrong, was it?
[Demons of the Abyss]
Sadly, this book didn't say why demons appeared.  However, it did explain in detail how the Laphdonia royal family and the temple had declared demons to be a threat and how they had attempted to eliminate them. 
This was a great tip for demons.  If the book was to be believed, I could avoid suspicion of being a demon as long as I didn’t utter any forbidden words.  For example, "[Dungeon and Stone]" or…
…I should probably stop shouting "Sparta" too.
[How Explorers Evolved]
[The Twins of the Laphdonia Royal Family]
[On Heroes]
[The Life of Beifron the Convict]
As I continued to read, I finally acquired the information I was looking for. 
[On the King's Death]
This book detailed the death of the first king, known as Lavigion the Third, or the Immortal King.  I didn't care about the various doubts surrounding his death or the changes it had caused.  All I needed was the time period. Let’s see, the date…
“150 years ago…?”
My hypothesis was confirmed.  The book stated that the king’s death occurred about 150 years ago.  In other words, this place was 150 years in the future from the game’s perspective.  No matter what race you chose, the game started on the day after Lavigion the Third passed away.
Damn it.  It looks like I’ll be spending most of my time in the library.
“Whew…,”
I closed the book and rested my eyes. Even though I had only read the important parts, I had skimmed through ten books, and my eyes felt like they were about to burst.  But I decided to finish the two books I had taken out.  Just a little more effort.  Perhaps there would be more important information in them.
[Observation Records of Dimensional Instability]
Was this the book the blond guy who saved me was reading?  The book contained cases and statistics similar to mine.  As he said, falling to the outermost region was a once-in-a-hundred-year event…
“Bullshit.”
Speaking from experience, there were far more cases than that.  They just weren’t aware of them because everyone else was dead.  
The rest of the book was mostly statistics, so I skimmed through the pages until I stopped at the last one.  It ended with the author's conclusion that "Entering during the moment the portal closes may have something to do with dimensional instability."  
If that were true…
It was my fault.
I need to move on before I feel sorry for myself.
[Complete Index of 9th-Grade Essences]
Finally, the last book.  The book listed the abilities of essences extracted from 9th-grade monsters in encyclopedia format.  But unlike the in-game description, it didn’t give the information with exact numbers.
[Goblin]
Endurance (Low) Sense of Smell (Low) Poison Resistance (Low) Dexterity (Low) Vision (Low)
* Inflicts paralysis poison constantly when using melee weapons.
* Creates traps.
Looking at the other monsters, it seems like the stats get labeled as “Medium” when they’re 21 or higher… 
I had no way of knowing the standards for higher grades.  According to the instructions on the first page, information on grade 8 and above could be purchased at the Explorer’s Guild.
“Whew…,”
I closed the book and stretched.  It was already dark outside.  It must’ve been closing time for the library, as there were hardly any patrons left.  
After returning all the books to their original places, I headed back to the inn.  I ate a simple meal and collapsed on the bed.  Three days in the city had passed.
“Twenty-seven more days…,”
The Labyrinth opened at midnight on the 1st of every month.  A month in this world was exactly 30 days, so I would have to go back to the Labyrinth in about four weeks.
“…”
What could I do in the city?  Or rather, what should I do?
As I sorted through these thoughts, I quickly drifted off to sleep.  Tomorrow, I’ll find a new teammate.
***
“Sir! Sir! Wake up!”
Erwen burst into my room and pounded on the door, as early as the morning.  Besides the fact that she was excited…
‘What the hell is she doing here?’
She wouldn't be trying to come with me now, instead of her sister.  Frankly, I thought I was done with her.
“What is it?”
"Look! I made a contract!"
Erwen exclaimed as soon as I opened the door.
“Contract?  Oh, you mean you ate a ‘Spirit Stone’?” 
A Spirit Stone allows Elves to contract with spirits of other attributes as well.  Provided they’re lucky.
“Yes!  After I left you yesterday, I made a contract with a new spirit!”
“You were lucky.”
In the game, the price of a Spirit Stone was around 150,000 stones.  The success rate was only 10%.  Considering she’s practically betting her entire fortune on this, to succeed…
“Yes!  My sister bought one, and it worked after about ten tries!”
…Damn it, is she here to mock me?
As a Barbarian who had inherited nothing but this body, I could only feel a sense of deprivation.  When we first met, I thought she was a poor kid who needed a guardian, but now I know she’s a born with a silver spoon.  She probably got her bow from her sister too.
“So, you've contracted with a wind spirit, I presume.”
“Yes!  I was very fortunate, in every way. Fire and wind are a good combination!”
"I know, now just deactivate it." 
I sighed,  If I said I wasn’t jealous, I’d be lying.  But there was another reason I wanted her to deactivate it.
“What? But I haven’t shown you properly yet…,”
"Are you planning on making more of a mess in here?"
"Oh, oh! I’m sorry!"
Finally, the wind that had been swirling around calmed down.  Ugh, this is just crazy.
I frowned, and Erwen, who had been bubbling with excitement, became flustered and looked at me cautiously.
“I, I’ll tidy up?”
I don't know why she asked in a question. Was she planning on having me do it?
I nodded, and Erwen quickly tidied up the chaotic room. To my surprise, it didn’t even take ten minutes.  She did say she was good at laundry and cleaning, and it seems she wasn’t lying.  Her movements were smooth, without a single unnecessary gesture.  Like a master from a martial arts novel.
“Anything else I can tidy up?”
“…”
“Anything else…,” 
“No, that’s enough.”
Frankly, I wondered if she could possibly tidy up any further.  It felt cleaner than when I first entered the room.
I decided to give her a carrot for doing such a good job.  Plus, I needed her help later.
“By the way, I didn't mention it earlier.  Congratulations on your new spirit contract.”
"Hehe, thank you!" 
“Did you have breakfast yet?”
“Not yet.”
Since she hadn’t eaten, we headed downstairs for breakfast and continued our conversation.
“What can you do with a wind spirit?”
“I think I can make a fired arrow change its trajectory slightly, or make it fly much faster!”
It was pretty simplistic compared to what I expected.  Can’t she make an arrow spin for increased penetration, or make it fly silently?  If she could, her combat ability would be much greater.
“Oh, I haven’t thought about that…  But it feels like it might be possible.” 
What’s with this tone?  I get a strange feeling from it.
"Anyways, I'm glad you came. You had breakfast, so let’s go back upstairs."
"What? Why?"
"I have something I need you to do in the room." 
Erwen tilted her head, completely clueless.  
"You didn’t think you were done repaying me for saving your life just because of that, did you?”
"N, no? Not yet?" 
She’s really so innocent.  
*Click.*
I closed and locked the door, preventing anyone from entering, then I had Erwen sit on the bed.
“Now, use your ability.” 
I need to see if it’s difficult to use, how long it takes to use it again, what weaknesses its stealth ability has, and so on.  I have a lot to check. 