## Chapter 20: Laphdonia (4)
“Good work. Now go.”
“Farewell!”
Erwen swiftly prepared to leave, not even bothering to decline. It seemed the half-day of magical research had been quite challenging for her…
“I’ll come back again!”
Come back again?
Oh, I never told her.
“You don’t need to make time to come here anymore.”
“Really?”
What’s she surprised about?
It’s only natural.
She’s not my companion.
“You need time to acclimate to your new abilities. It’s better to spend that time more productively, until the Labyrinth opens again.”
To be honest, that applies to me too.
Yesterday, I set a new goal: becoming a mid-level explorer and entering the 6th floor.
That means I have a lot to do.
First, I need to spend the 1.4 million stones to enhance my own abilities.
If possible, I’d like to receive professional combat training. I’m not yet fully utilizing the capabilities of this monstrous body.
I also need to read books, expand my knowledge and common sense, and spend time exploring the city to get accustomed to the cost of living and the culture.
In short, I have no reason to hang out with Erwen unless it’s business.
“Right! But…well?”
“You mentioned having a younger sibling. Go see her, spend some time with her. You’ll have to go back to the Labyrinth in three weeks, right?”
“Yes…,” Erwen nodded dejectedly.
Could it be because I was her first companion?
She seems to have some sort of strange fantasy about me. To be honest, I can even guess the general feel of that fantasy.
But business relationships rarely last forever.
“I’m staying here, so if anything comes up, don’t hesitate to visit. I’ll help in any way I can.”
“Really?”
“We’re comrades, aren’t we?”
“Heehee, of course! I understand!”
I threw in the carrot, and she left with a satisfied expression.
Well, she’s still easy to handle.
I decided to keep up this friendly relationship with Erwen.
This is a form of networking, too.
You can’t do anything about blood ties, but you can create connections through your experience.
It might be useful someday.
“…Am I being too materialistic?”
So what?
It’s not time to be picky.
After a quick wash, I went straight to the library. I received a magical boost from the lazy librarian I met yesterday and read for about six hours.
‘There’s no place that sells something like rice porridge, is there?’
It was a bit late, but I went to a cheap-looking restaurant for lunch and ate a watery stew with a few pieces of bread.
The price was 450 stones.
It seems I’ll have to eat at the inn from now on, for better value.
“I’m Bjorn, son of Yandell, the greatest warrior!”
After lunch, I visited the Angry Bull Inn, where I heard Ainarr was staying.
Surprisingly, the place was teeming with barbarians.
“You’re staying here, too? Good choice! This place only costs 300 stones a day!”
What, 300 stones?
Surprised by the unbelievable price, I investigated further.
There was a reason.
As soon as I entered the room with five narrow beds, the pungent smell of sweat, fermented over several days, hit my nose.
“Are five people sharing this room?”
“No! Ten warriors share this room!”
“…But there are only five beds.”
“We take turns sleeping, at set times!”
So it wasn’t really cheap, it was just cheap because everyone pooled their money.
Well, they only earn 30,000 or 40,000 stones, so they have no choice.
“What brings you here?”
“I’m looking for Ainarr, the third daughter of Pnelin.”
“The second daughter of Pnelin, Ainarr, went out this morning!”
So it was the second daughter.
I shouldn’t have changed my mind at the last minute.
Anyway, after waiting for about an hour, Ainarr returned from her outing.
“Bjorn, son of Yandell? Is something the matter?”
We were both barbarians, so I spoke directly.
“I want to fight you.”
“You mean spar?”
“That’s right.”
I need training.
I achieved more than any barbarian in the Labyrinth, but in terms of pure fighting skills, I’m no match for them.
“That’s a bit strange.”
Ainarr tilted her head.
It didn’t seem like I was asking for something difficult…
“If it’s just sparring, why don’t you just go to the open field?”
Open field?
Ainarr took me outside through the inn’s back door.
There, already dozens of barbarians were gathered, punching and rolling on the ground, sweating profusely.
Well, maybe even bleeding.
“Hahaha! That punch was heavy!”
“Yours too!”
No wonder it was noisy outside.
For them, this is just everyday life.
The elves giggled, talking about how the spirits sounded.
As I bitterly smiled watching the barbarians fight like mortal enemies, Ainarr asked,
“Is there a reason why it has to be me?”
Actually, there isn’t.
I just thought that Ainarr would accept my request. But it would look strange if I said no now.
“You’re the only one who uses a sword.”
“You want to learn how to fight against sword users?”
“That’s right.”
“I understand if that’s the case. I have to go study in the morning, but if you come during this time, you can spar with me as much as you like.”
So, her schedule is free from 5 pm onwards.
I’ll have to visit here daily from now on.
“You want to start today?”
“Of course.”
After a moment, Ainarr went back to her room and returned with her sword.
“Ainarr vs Bjorn!”
The other barbarians stopped fighting and watched.
I came to learn, but I wasn’t going to lose meekly, so I held my shield firmly and tightened my grip, preparing myself.
But the result…
“I’m going.”
I got my ass handed to me.
I got my ass handed to me, and it took about three minutes to lose my shield?
She’s really good.
But it was a beneficial time in many ways.
“Bjorn, son of Yandell, is not the greatest warrior of all time!”
“Ainarr is now the greatest warrior of all time!!”
“Waaaah!!”
Except for these guys.
***
How many times did I get pummeled after that?
The sky was already getting dark.
“Do you want to continue? I’m getting tired.”
“No. We’ll end today’s training here.”
The other barbarians had already left the training ground.
After much deliberation, I made a decision.
“Ainarr.”
“What is it?”
Ainarr, who was about to stretch and head back inside, stopped in her tracks.
“Are you going to enter the Labyrinth alone next time, too?”
“I guess so. I don’t have enough money to form a team. But this time, I’m going to try to reach the 2nd floor if possible.”
I realized how hardcore barbarians really are.
Compass and torch.
With just these two things, they can reach the 2nd floor. But they earn money for supplies on their first run, then immediately head for the next floor.
“It’ll be tough alone.”
“There’s no choice.”
No choice, huh…
Maybe that’s why there were so many humans on the lower floors.
Those of other races, who pay multiple times more in taxes, can’t even afford to pay the first-year taxes if they only stay on the 1st and 2nd floors.
It’s clear just looking at my fellow barbarians.
The one who said he earned the most only managed to get a little over 40,000 stones.
“If you’re lucky, you might meet other members of your race on the 1st floor and form a team.”
“I see.”
“So, what do you want to say?”
Seeing me hesitate, Ainarr got straight to the point.
I answered, in a way that would be considered direct, even for a barbarian.
“Ainarr, will you be my companion?”
“Companion?”
“I’ll cover the cost of forming a team.”
I felt it after our several sparring sessions today.
Ainarr is strong.
From what I’ve heard, she’s at the top of her class among the other barbarian rookies.
Most importantly, she’s also quite smart.
“I appreciate the offer, but why?”
I need a companion anyway.
It’s a chore to find a ‘night companion’ every time, and having a partner actually increases your earnings.
Plus, Ainarr is not only incredibly strong but also has the advantage of being of the same race, so I don’t have to worry about betrayal.
It’s a shame our classes overlap, but…
After Erwen left, Ainarr is the best option I have.
Of course, I didn’t need to elaborate.
“I just want to.”
“I see.”
Ainarr nodded and made a quick decision.
“Alright. Every warrior dreams of entering the Labyrinth with a clever warrior like you.”
Her response was much more positive than I expected.
Maybe I can be a little more greedy?
“But there’s a condition.”
“What is it?”
“I’ll take 8 out of the earnings.”
“…?”
Ainarr frowned at my request.
Is she offended?
I opened my mouth and continued explaining.
“I’m covering the team’s expenses, right? And I promise, even with a smaller share, you’ll earn much more than if you entered the Labyrinth alone. Plus, I’ll cover all other costs for supplies—”
“Stop, there’s no need to explain further.”
“…?”
“It’s all the same to me whether you talk about shares or whatever other complicated stuff. Just give me what you’re going to give me. I trust you.”
“…I see.”
I had to admit that I had underestimated the barbarians.
“I’m in your debt, Bjorn, son of Yandell.”
Ainarr walked over and slapped my back hard.
It was too heavy to be considered friendly…
Well, I’d better get used to it.
“It’s my pleasure. I’m looking forward to working with you.”
I gained a reliable barbarian companion.
***
The next morning, I visited the Sacred Grounds with Ainarr.
The Sacred Grounds is a kind of communal childcare facility.
Barbarians who left for the city send their children here when they’re born. They don’t have the resources to raise children while they must be warriors until the end of their days.
And when they’re adults, they return to the city and repeat the cycle.
But that’s not what I’m concerned about right now.
“Bjorn, son of Yandell.”
The Chieftain came out to greet us as soon as we arrived.
Damn, I really don’t want to come here…
“It’s rare for a warrior who has left to come back. Like Ainarr, the second daughter of Pnelin, are you here to study?”
I calmed my pounding heart and shook my head.
“That’s not the case. Chieftain, I’m here for another reason.”
“Another reason…,” The Chieftain looked at me with interest.
Don’t be nervous.
I learned how barbarians talk and what they call each other from Ainarr beforehand.
I just have to make sure I don’t make any mistakes.
“Tell me.”
Taking a deep breath, I spoke calmly.
“I want to receive a Soul Mark.”
Other races have their own unique characteristics.
For example, elves command spirits, and dwarves handle artifacts.
Barbarians have ‘Soul Marks’.
It was a powerful growth method that required a lot of stones in the game, so it was something you couldn’t use early on…
But luckily, I have over a million stones.
After much deliberation, I came to a decision.
This Chieftain is still a terrifying prick, but…
“Specifically, I want to receive the ‘Undying Soul Mark’.”
This is the only way to spend this damn money right. 