## Chapter 24: The Plunderer (1)
A ninth-grade magic stone was worth about a loaf of bread. In other words, each stone was worth around twenty stones. What about an eighth-grade magic stone? Sadly, a Deathspine was only worth five goblins.
"What? Only a hundred stones?!"
"... Including the ones dropped by the summoned ghouls, it's three hundred stones."
Even with that considered, it was a low price, considering we had risked our lives.
"Bjorn... how much was that bread we ate at the inn?"
"... I believe it was about three hundred stones."
"Then... at least we can enjoy a taste of sweetness every time we capture a Deathspine!"
It seemed that the cream pie Einar had eaten earlier had become his new unit of measurement. Of course, if we split it 8:2, we'd only get 0.2 tastes per Deathspine... Perhaps it's best not to mention that.
"Bjorn! We can't waste time! Hunt! Let's go hunting!"
Einar's disappointment at the meager reward was short-lived. He quickly regained his enthusiasm, and I smiled. In that sense, traveling with a barbarian wasn't so bad. Erwen, my former companion, was great, but she was always passive. It's much easier to motivate Einar.
"Alright, let's go!"
We continued to hunt Deathspines in the surrounding area. Each hunt took over twenty minutes, so even with three hundred stones earned, it was almost a loss... but the first try is always an exception.
"Cuooo!"
"Behel—Laaa!"
Whenever we encountered a Deathspine, we would charge together, roaring the name of our ancestral god. Then, we would grab each other's legs and lift, throwing them to the ground. We called it the Double Barbarian Tackle.
Kuwung!
The fallen Deathspine became easy prey. We would take turns pounding its head, which was beyond our reach. Soon, it would dissolve into light and disappear. The whole process took about three minutes. This couldn't be shortened much, as the beast sensed danger when thrown to the ground and summoned ghouls.
"Uoooo!"
As we hunted, our magic stone pouches filled at an ever-increasing rate, but we wouldn't rest on our laurels. We pushed harder, because hunting Deathspines would become impossible by the third day. If we hadn't reached the second floor faster than anyone else by exploiting a bug, I wouldn't have even considered fighting them. These beasts weren't meant to be solitary. Two could be handled, but against three or four, the two of us would be outmatched.
[14:27]
Checking the time, I took a brief break. There's a saying, "Row your boat when the tide is high," but accidents often happen when you're impatient.
"Bjorn, I'm thirsty."
"Save it. The Corpse Flower won't bloom until tomorrow."
"Corpse Flower?"
It's the only way to replenish our water in the Land of the Dead. When the time is right, flowers bloom on the vines that cover the ruins of stone buildings. If you split them open, you'll find water inside.
Einar's face turned sour when I told him that.
"Bjorn, that's a bit unhygienic, isn't it?"
He had a point. I'd heard that it was safe to drink, but I was still uncomfortable about it. Still, considering we shared a five-person room with ten people without showering, I couldn't really complain.
"Is there any other way?"
"No! I'll drink it!"
After a twenty-minute break to replenish our stamina, we continued our hunt. By the time we were about to collapse from exhaustion, we had captured a total of seventy Deathspines. We had earned over twenty thousand stones a day.
'This is better than just hunting ninth-grade monsters?'
However, the essence we had been hoping for didn't appear.
***
The essence drop rate was ridiculously low. In the early game, players would tailor their build based on the essence drops... and how well they did it determined their skill. I had been secretly hoping for it. The Deathspine essence was one of the best you could get in the early game.
'The problem is that there's no sign of it coming out.'
The active skill, 'Call of the Dead,' which summons ghouls, was frankly mediocre, but the passive, 'Body Preservation,' was good enough to make up for it. Of course, eating the essence wouldn't make you regenerate like the Deathspine does... But it does synergize well with me, whose regeneration coefficient has been increased by the Undead Mark.
[02:57]
I checked the time as I listened to Einar's snores. It was already the second day. From now on, we'd have to fight two Deathspines at once, but at least there's one thing I'm relieved about. At least we won't look weird when we run into other explorers.  I repeat, I'm most afraid of explorers.
"Einar, wake up."
"...  I, I haven't eaten yet!"
"It's time to switch."
Three hours each. We rested for a total of six hours and resumed our Deathspine hunt on the second day.
"Cuooo!"
Two at once. There were twenty ghouls summoned by their active skill, but we could still manage. It's thanks to the experience we gained from facing them countless times on the first day.
Kuwung-!
We charged at the Deathspines, knocking one to the ground before they even knew what hit them. Then, we tackled the other one together. If we messed up even once, we'd be in trouble... but in that case, we'd run away without looking back.
"Einar, let's run!"
"Ooh!"
Deathspines are slow-moving creatures and don't chase you if you leave their territory, so we haven't had any dangerous encounters yet.
Swaaaaaaaaaaa-!
Each battle took about ten minutes. We even failed three out of ten tries, but the earnings were still similar to the first day. It took us a while to find a pack on the first day.
However, as the afternoon progressed, we occasionally encountered packs of three. The encounter rate increased as time passed.
"We should leave this place soon."
"A wise warrior knows when to retreat."
As the second day drew to a close, I reluctantly left the Deathspine territory. We returned to the muddy field and sought out a suitable campsite.
That's when it happened.
"......!"
We encountered another group of explorers for the first time. They were three humans, like us, relying on a single torch to navigate the darkness... but we only noticed each other when we were ten meters away.
"What are you looking at? Get lost if you have nothing to say."
"Ahem, excuse me."
Einar spat the words coldly, and the other group walked past us before disappearing back into the darkness. 
I was a little curious.
Terbuk, terbuk.
They were only twenty steps away, and we could still faintly hear their footsteps. But the light from their torch had already vanished. They say most floors in the labyrinth have a light-absorbing property... this must be it. It seems that a torch's light becomes invisible to the naked eye when you're ten meters away...
I was lost in thought about this phenomenon when Einar spoke up.
"Bjorn, we need to move."
"They know our location. It's convenient to have a wall behind us, but it's safer to find a new campsite."
He had a point. It was what I was about to suggest. However, I was struggling to adapt. What was this? First, he snarled at the other explorers, telling them to get lost... and now his personality is changing?
"Bjorn, humans are untrustworthy."
"... I agree."
It turns out that we share something besides our barbarian heritage: distrust of humans. He must have had some bad experience during his first entrance. I'll have to ask him later.
"Then let's move."
We packed our things and started to move again. However, we couldn't find a campsite as good as the one before. Should we just settle for a wall to shield our backs?
As I was thinking this, I heard a whimper from ahead.
"Kheuk! Heeuup!"
It wasn't a Banshee. It wasn't a female voice, either...
"...  Wait, wait!"
It was a clear voice.
"Sa, save—"
Damn it. We should have just picked a random spot.
"......"
Silence descended as the scream was cut short.
Einar whispered,
"It wasn't a monster."
I heard it too. A person rarely begs for mercy from a monster. 
The situation was clear. Person killed person.
Damn, what kind of crazy situation is this? I'm not some kind of child detective.
I grabbed Einar's wrist and slowly backed away, not wanting to get involved. But did I sense something?
"Who's there?"
A cold voice echoed. It was rough, but female.
We both froze, holding our breath.
But then.
Piuuuuuuuuu! Puferpung!
A flare-like object shot into the sky, bathing the surrounding fifty meters in a soft glow. 
It allowed me to see the owner of the voice. She was less than fifteen meters away.
... If Erwen were here, she would have sensed our presence from afar and avoided this.
"Hm, you're novices."
The mysterious woman judged us with a curt nod.
It was mutual.
A dagger dripping with blood. Four bodies sprawled on the ground.
"... A Plunderer, eh?"
The woman asked nonchalantly.
"First time seeing one?"
"I'd say it's complicated."
I've never seen anyone as professional as you.
"I see."
She was probably surprised to be caught at a murder scene, but she nodded thoughtfully, her expression calm. 
Somehow, I felt I knew why.
***
A Plunderer. They're called that because they specialize in hunting other explorers, not monsters. They don't get magic stones, but rather loot the explorers' equipment for a high income.
Of course, if they're caught, they'll be executed the moment they return to the city... but that rarely happens.
It was self-defense, but I killed six explorers and wasn't questioned. What happens in the labyrinth can't be known outside... unless someone tells someone.
"... You're not wearing a mask."
It's the most frustrating thing in this situation. This psychopath is showing her face while plundering.
She stood a little over 170 cm tall, with a slender frame. Her reddish-brown hair reached her shoulders, and she had a tattoo under her eyes and a half-severed right earlobe. With these features, it shouldn't be difficult to identify her.
If we were in the modern world, she could claim she had no evidence. But this is a world where magic is real. There are tools that can differentiate truth from falsehood, even without physical evidence.
"... Were they your companions?"
"I don't know."
The woman shrugged, looking at the bodies.
"Maybe they thought so."
So that's why she's not wearing a mask.
While asking obvious questions, I quickly organized the information I could see.
There were four bodies. Their equipment level and the fact that there was a mage among them suggest that they were explorers who operated at least on the fifth floor.
Also, three of the bodies had no external injuries. But they all had traces of blood and vomit around their mouths... 
'Did she poison them? Did the man who died last have a resistance to it, so he held on for a bit?'
I hope my guess is right. If she was skilled enough to kill four veteran explorers without a single scratch, the situation would be even more grim.
Delguruk, delguruk.
She crouched down and expertly removed their equipment. Then, she put each item in her bag.  
It seemed like even large objects, maybe magic tools, fit in without issue.
Instead of envy, fear took over. Just by having things like that, I could feel the difference between us.
"Barbarian."
The woman called out to us.
I didn't respond.
Einar quietly asked me,
"Are we going to fight?"
He's amazing. If it were Erwen, she would have cowered and stammered. Is it a warrior's pride to consider fighting no matter how big the gap is?
I replied curtly,
"Thinking about it."
To be honest, I want to avoid fighting. You can tell just from the equipment that we're outmatched. But if her skills are as good as her equipment... even with the two-to-one advantage, we'd have little chance of winning.
Huuung—!
The flare faded as its time limit expired, plunging us back into darkness.
I made my decision immediately.
"We're running. Full speed."
Pride won't save your life.