## Chapter 25: The Looter (2)
We were running through the darkness, checking our direction intermittently with the compass, pushing ourselves to the limit, almost recklessly.
"Grrrr!"
Various monsters, like ghouls and skeletons, blocked our path, but their movement speed was slow, so they weren't a problem. But the same applied to the one chasing us.
Tada-da-da-dat!
Had it been about five minutes? The psychopath would have finished looting by now. It was a relief, at least. If we hadn't been wearing beginner-level gear, she would have abandoned the loot and pursued us immediately. Conversely, it meant she had the means and the confidence to chase us even if she gave us time. Still, any time gained was better than none.
"Bjorn, isn't that the mark?"
Good news finally arrived. The Land of the Dead was littered with crumbling stone structures. Whenever I passed by one, I left a mark. For when we needed to find the first-floor portal later.
"This way!"
I was active in the area, but we found it faster than expected. Perhaps fortune was—
"Who are you?"
Damn it, I shouldn't have planted that flag. Bjorn and I stopped in our tracks. We had just encountered another group of explorers. Or perhaps it was a good thing? To explorers, looters were enemies. If we explained our situation and offered them a reasonable reward, maybe they would help.
"Barbarians?"
The group of explorers, who had been aiming their weapons at us from the darkness, tilted their heads in confusion. There were four of them, all human, and their equipment looked at least twice as good as ours. Humans were untrustworthy, but we had no other choice.
"We're being chased by a looter. We need your help."
"How do we know you're not the looters?"
"I swear on a warrior's honor, every word I speak is true."
Unlike an elf's promise, a warrior's oath had no binding power… Yet, surprisingly, it worked everywhere. The bald one who seemed to be the leader pondered for a moment, then spoke.
"If we catch the looter, we get all the rewards. Do you agree?"
"Of course."
"Good."
With a gesture, the other explorers lowered their weapons. If we hadn't been barbarians, they would have needed more time to drop their guard.
"Come with us. We'll talk about this later."
As we approached them, a yellow-haired man of about 160 centimeters used his ability.
"This is a dwarf's ability. On land, it allows me to blend with nearby objects within a 3-meter radius."
Simply put, it was the goblin archer's stealth ability with an area effect. It couldn't move, but it could be used to avoid combat entirely—
"Two barbarians stumbled into our trap, can you believe it?"
Damn it, he was talking to himself.  I thought something was going well. No way, that would be too easy.
***
「Your character is in a [Suppressed] state.」
***
"Hehehe."
Greed flickered in the eyes of the explorers, including the bald one. One of them had already started rummaging through my bag, even opening my gemstone pouch.
"You made quite a lot in just two days."
I wanted to smash his skull with my mace right then and there, but my body wouldn't move. The same was true for Bjorn.
"Surprised your body won't move all of a sudden? You're in for a treat, friend. This ain't the kind of ability that's easily broken."
It was undeniably the power of an essence. I already had a hunch about which essence it was. There were several similar abilities, but only one that these explorers, who were about our level, could possess.
‘The Stone Golem's [Suppression]….'
I was certain. I'd fallen victim to the active skill of an 8th-grade Stone Golem monster.  The easiest way to break free would be to take damage, even if it was only one point… But they would be careful if they had any sense.
“This is no use, Lamode. Let's end this. It'll be a hassle if that looter they mentioned shows up.”
"Damn, I was just about to enjoy some fun. Found a woman, but she's a barbarian."
"You're an idiot, she's even better as a barbarian! Just sell her heart and you'll be set!"
The ugly truth of their desires was seeping through my skin and into my whole body.
The bald one pulled out a sharp blade.
"Make it quick. Don't make this any more complicated than it needs to be."
"Don't worry about that."
Whiik!
A wave of murderous intent slashed through the air. The blade was aimed right at my neck.
‘…My neck?’
Even with death imminent, my brain was processing information and offering a solution. Of course, I didn't know if it would actually work. But it was far more productive than reminiscing and regretting my life.
Phoo!
The sharp blade pierced my neck. At the same time, a tingling sensation ran through my body, loosening the stiffness.  I immediately tilted my head back. Like a boxer deflecting a punch by shifting their head.
Time slowed down.
"…Huh?"
I saw the bald one's stunned face.  The hand holding the dagger was empty. It was only then that I felt the foreign object in my throat.
‘Ah, it's already half-stuck.’
The moment I realized, my brain reached a quick conclusion. Not bad. Since there wasn't much bleeding, I could hold out a little longer.
Tszwit.
I forced my legs to hold their ground and regained my balance. Then, I swung the mace I was holding. Aiming for the shiny bald head.
Kwak!-
The bald one collapsed, his face half-crushed. In slow motion, like 0.5x speed.
“Darvan!!”
I saw several confused faces. Why the hell didn't they expect a guy with a knife in his neck to retaliate?
“You, crazy…."
I didn't know either. That it would work.
“You, ba…."
Something kept welling up in my throat. My body went limp, and the light blurred. Shock?  A tingling sensation spread from my toes to my head. I was short of oxygen and blood.
Clang!
My grip loosened, and the mace and shield I was holding fell to the ground. I wanted to collapse and rest immediately… But there was still more to do. I didn't go through all that trouble just to take down one more.
Tszwit.
I stepped forward, forcing my wobbling body to stand.  I pulled the knife out of my throat.  Then, I threw it toward Bjorn, who was about four steps away.
Phoo!
Wow, I didn't think it would hit.
"Ugh!"
Sorry, but now you can move again, right?
Surg!
As the dagger pierced Bjorn's forearm, he swung his greatsword, severing the archer's waist nearby. And, as if it was a linked move, he rotated once more, leaped, and then slammed down onto another guy's head. The steel helmet the guy was wearing was useless.
Kwak!-
Blood flowed from the helmet, now just a pile of scrap metal.
“This, this crazy……!”
The yellow-haired man, who had been standing far away, saw this and ran away without looking back.  His quick judgment was as fast as a goblin's.
"Bjorn!"
Bjorn, who had finished clearing the area, ran to me, who was kneeling down. Well, now that it’s over, maybe—
“Bjooooorn…!”
Bjorn hugged me and cried my name out in sorrow. …Like he was dealing with a dead person. With a sense of foreboding, I forced my eyelids open and spoke.
“Po, cough.”
“I know! I’ll definitely avenge you!”
No, revenge is unnecessary.
「Achievement Unlocked」
Condition: Health drops below 0.1%.
Reward: Mental stat permanently increased by +3.
I desperately tried to speak.
“Po, tion….”
Damn it, save me.
***
「Bjorn Yandel」
Level: 2
Physical: 46 / Mental: 39 (New +3) Ability: 4
Item Level: 202
Overall Combat Index: 139.5 (New +3)
***
Chhi-iii-ii-ii-ik!
The hole in my neck began to heal, accompanied by pain. But I was happy. I could feel the life being breathed back into my dying body, so clearly.
“Khkhkhkh.”
The searing pain revived my numb mind. …I'm alive. I thought I was crossing the River Styx for real this time. It’s good that I didn’t waste my 1.4 million stones and got the Immortal Mark first.  If I hadn’t, I’d be dead by now.
“Bjorn.”
“You’re coming to, are you?”
“Gear, take care of the gear….”
The moment I had enough strength to speak, I instructed Bjorn. Then, I forced myself to stand and poured the remaining potion into my throat. Gulp gulp gulp. This was all money, but it couldn’t be helped. The wound on my neck had healed, but who knew what was going on inside? I couldn’t be sure if the incident damaged my brain. So, it was better to be prepared.
“Khkhkh….”
Sure enough, a tingling sensation started in the back of my head. The intensity of the pain implied that it wasn’t severe, but if I had ignored it, it might have become a major problem.
"Would you mind checking?”
“…The gear?”
“I took everything I could see.”
If so, then.
I nodded. Bjorn lifted my chin and carefully examined the injured area. 
"It'll leave a scar.”
It felt strange.  Elwen had said something similar. Well, the emotions behind them were entirely different.
“Amazing. You're the only barbarian with a hole in your neck!”
Does he think this is a badge of honor?  Even for a barbarian who relies on his physique, it’s not common for someone to get a hole in their neck and live.
“What are we going to do now?”
Bjorn asked about our future plans.  I braced myself. The near-death experience was still fresh in my mind, but…  nothing had been resolved yet.
“How much time has passed?”
“At most, five minutes.”
Five minutes…  The situation had gotten even worse because of that encounter.  I was crazy. Even if I was in a hurry, I wouldn’t ask another group of explorers for help. Anyway, I’ll deal with regrets later.
“Which way did that guy run?”
“That way.”
I led Bjorn toward where the yellow-haired man had run.  The ground was muddy, but there were no footprints, so real tracking was impossible… But as expected,
“He's here.”
We found the yellow-haired man not too far away. It wasn't like he could go far in the dark, anyway.  He must have been running blindly and hit his head on the ruins of a building. He was lying unconscious on the ground. 
“Hieek! Pl, please spare me!”
After taking anything that could be used as a weapon, I roughly kicked him in the back to wake him up.  He was groveling, much more respectful than before.  He had been sneering when he learned that the woman he had captured was a barbarian.
“Oh, ugh!”
Bjorn grabbed him by the neck and easily lifted him with one hand.  But since the yellow-haired man was so small, even that was enough to keep his feet off the ground.
“K, kkhuk!”
Watching him struggle as he was being choked, I didn't feel any sympathy, only satisfaction.  I told you to offer advice properly. Not to the neck, but to the head.  Then, it wouldn't have mattered if I had potions or Immortal Marks.
“Bjorn, let him go.”
Bjorn hesitated but released his grip. I approached the fallen man and whispered a command in his ear.
“Use your ability. If you want to live.”
That’s the only reason why I haven’t ripped this yellow rat's neck off.  This dwarf's ability. I need it right now.
"I, I used it!"
"How long can you maintain it?"
"30 minutes! No, I can hold it for 40! So—"
He’s so wordy.  Just answer the questions.
I grabbed him by the collar and asked again.
"How long does it take to use it again?"
"It takes as long as you've used it to rest."
"I see."
I released my grip on his collar.  Then, I stomped on his upper body to prevent him from even thinking about escaping. Just like I normally deal with goblins.
"Isn't it better to just kill him? That woman seems to have given up on us anyway."
I thought it was absurd, but I could see why he might think that.  He ran away in a hurry, but I wasn’t sure if he was actually being chased.  Considering the time for looting, it was definitely strange that he hadn't shown up even once.
“Giving up…."
Sure, that was possible.  Maybe we weren’t worth chasing for that psychopath.  We're just small fry.  What about her being identified by her face if we went back to the city and gave a statement? If the face we saw was actually a magical disguise, it would make sense.  But… 
Fsssh.
There was no way things would go that smoothly. Not with me involved.