## Chapter 27: Cracks (1)
People grow. Each in their own way. Through reading, introspection, honest conversations with friends, or the discovery of heartfelt dreams. Or perhaps, through envy for another’s fortune, witnessing someone’s misfortune, or a newfound awareness of the power of desire. Every inspiration drawn from experience fuels our growth.
Today, I was no different. Although, my spiritual growth was likely minimal. 
“A shortbow, plate greaves, three low-grade potions, a dozen ordinary torches… what’s this, a portrait? A family member? Whatever, throw this away…,” I muttered, sorting through the contents of the blond’s backpack.
“That’ll be more than 800,000 stones all together,” I chuckled.
I’ve always been like this.  Just because I experience something shitty, it doesn’t mean growth will follow.  But…
“That’s enough to buy three more armor parts.”
Whenever I level up, it’s always preceded by something shitty. Damn it, I’m starting to see what I need to do.
***
We’re walking through the cavern. Einar and I. 
“Bjorn, where are we headed now?”
“South, to where the gnomes appear.”
We took turns resting for four hours each, for a total of eight hours, and Einar has recovered some of his strength.  Though, compared to his usual energy level, he’s pretty much at rock bottom.
“Bjorn, we can move faster.  Don’t worry about me.”
“Why are you in such a hurry?”
“I… I want to become stronger as soon as possible.”
“I see.”
I don’t need to worry about Einar anymore. Now that he has a clearer goal, his negative emotions will become nourishment, not poison.  Actually, isn’t that the same for me?
“I feel the same way.”
Throughout my watch, I reflected on our journey so far. The rite of passage, entering the maze, Hans, Erwen, the goblin forest, the 4-on-2 battle against the crossbow party.  Thinking about it now, nothing seems terribly wrong. 
I’ve always made the best choices I could, given the circumstances.  But…
“Why are you stopping so suddenly?”
“Nothing, let’s keep moving.”
There’s a reason for it.  There was no tutorial fairy, no system message.  The moment I opened my eyes, a man’s head was severed, and since then,  unrealistic events have unfolded one after another. I had no choice but to be passive, prioritizing safety above all else.  But what was the result?
“Bjorn… You don’t look good.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
Always made the best choices? 
Bullshit.
It was all just reacting.  What’s the point of making the best choices when you’re only fixing things after the fact?  If I really want to survive, I need to be more proactive. That will change the choices I can make.
My uncle, who was always gambling, told me,  “Don’t play on someone else’s game board.  Roll the dice on one you built yourself.”
Alright, plan change.
“Einar, do you really want to become strong?”
I stopped abruptly and asked. Einar looked at me with deep suspicion.
“…What does that mean?”
“I’m asking you to be prepared. There’s a way to become undeniably strong.  But it comes with risks. What do you say?”
High risk, high reward.  What kind of answer will he give to this offer? 
I watched as he swallowed hard and his eyes gleamed. 
“Of course. We’ll all die if we can’t get stronger!”
Right, that’s how it is.  That’s the game’s universe.
Einar, accepting my offer, declared,
“I am a warrior!”
Said he didn’t want to be before, huh?
I chuckled.  Watching his barbarian attitude,  both utterly inefficient and somehow efficient beyond all others, made me realize something.
“So, what’s this method of becoming strong?”
The easy way is the slow way. 
And shitty situations are like natural disasters. 
No matter which path you choose, they arrive unannounced, right before your eyes.
And mine?  I’ve had way more than my fair share. 
That’s why…
“I’m going to enter a Crack.”
Strike first. This time, I’m going to seek out something shitty. 
As some famous person once said, 
“The pain that doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.” 