## The Rift (2)
Daria Wittembert de Tercia, a seasoned explorer with five years of experience, was traversing the first level's Crystal Caverns with her younger sister, Elwen, in tow.
"Elwen, you used a spirit again."
"Oh, sis, I just couldn't do it with just a dagger..."
"I told you, even without a bow, even if you can't summon a spirit, you need to be able to protect yourself."
"I know, but..."
"Stop. Keep practicing as you explore, and you'll get better."
Tercia relentlessly drilled Elwen in real-world combat, guiding her through the first level. It was all for her little sister, and Elwen wasn't oblivious to that. Yet, it was clear her patience was wearing thin with each passing day.
"Sis, Dad said it's better to specialize in what you do best..."
"...What?"
"Trusting your team and doing your own job to the best of your ability. That, that's the foundation of being an explorer..."
Tercia, stunned into silence, couldn't help but agree.  It was such a straightforward truth. How wonderful it would be if the world operated with such straightforward logic. 
"Elwen, a team is just a team. Don't put too much value on it."
Tercia had seen countless teams. From the six-person exploration team she'd recently been part of to the hunting groups focused on high-yield monsters and the running teams aiming for portal opening achievements. She'd experienced a great deal while journeying with various groups, some experiences she wouldn't even think of sharing with Elwen.
Teammates are not to be trusted. 
Not unless they are blood relatives.
"I understand..."
Elwen stopped arguing when she saw Tercia's unyielding expression.  Days turned into nights, and soon, Elwen was capable of taking down every monster with just her dagger.  Naturally, her level also climbed.
"Sis? I've leveled up. Can't we just go to the second level? Dad is probably making a fortune up there..."
Tercia chuckled, finding her sister's comment adorable.
What did it matter if a few more monsters were waiting on the second level?
"Elwen, a rift will open soon."
The Rift.
A place where even veteran adventurers with years of experience could go their entire lives without ever entering, if they were unlucky.
Elwen tilted her head in confusion.
"How do you know?"
"The last time a rift opened on the first level was eight months ago."
Tercia explained things slowly and patiently, treating her sister as if she were a child. She detailed the statistical probability that the rift would open within the next three days.
"I see… Dad didn't tell me that."
Of course, he wouldn't. 
Elwen, despite her constant calls of "Dad," was still a novice, and for a veteran, her behavior was inefficient and foolish. She'd probably be blindly climbing up levels, making one mistake after another.
"Elwen, trust me.  Just one year from now, you and that Barbarian will be miles apart."
Sometimes, the slow path is the fastest path.
"Okay… So I can help you then!"
"Yes, you can."
Tercia nodded, proud of her little sister. 
It was unlikely that the Barbarian would still be alive by then, and even if he was, what would it matter?  She'd be able to handle him then, wouldn't she? She just wanted Elwen to keep her innocence, that was all.
Those were her thoughts when the tremors began.
Drrrd, drrrd, drrrd, drrrd!
The labyrinth shook as if an earthquake was underway.
A phenomenon that occurred when a Rift opened.
"Elwen!"
Tercia grabbed Elwen's hand and sprinted towards the passageway.  Soon, they found a portal unstable and shimmering. 
The Rift.
There must have been thousands of portals like this across the entire first level by now.
Every second counted.
Whoooosh!
Tercia and Elwen plunged into the portal.
But at that moment—
Whoooosh—
The portal vanished.
Thump.
Landing hard on the ground after tumbling through the air, Tercia clicked her tongue in disappointment.
"...Too slow."
If she hadn't tried to enter at the same time, if she'd just shoved Elwen through first, they might have made it.
But...
"...There will be other chances."
It couldn't be helped.
After all, what if Elwen had gone alone and ended up dying?
"Elwen, let's go to the second level."
Once again, she repeated the same thought: sometimes, the slow path is the fastest path.
***
等價交換 (Equivalence Exchange). 
I loved that phrase. 
But sadly, the world doesn't operate on that principle.
As I'd learned from my encounter with that psychopath.
I'd barely managed to stay alive, and I hadn't gained anything.
'No, I'd lost time, kicked out of the Land of the Dead.'
But this time was different.
This time, I'd made the choice.
Therefore, there would be a price to pay.
Maybe.
Thump.
My gaze fell on the two humans I'd been matched with as teammates. My heart hammered against my ribs. 
The man, who landed with a heavy thud, had no notable features. 
The woman, however, was different.
Tap.
She descended slowly as if defying the pull of gravity, landing with a soft touch.
The spectacle left the talkative Dwarf speechless, gaping in awe.
I felt the same.
"A Mage, here of all places."
Mage.
A profession that commanded respect everywhere, undisputed power in "Dungeon and Stone."
"Bjorn, are Mages really that great? The librarian was also a Mage!"
When Einar questioned her, the female Mage frowned in displeasure.
I quickly intervened, desperate to avoid getting on her bad side.
"The librarian is a Ninth-rank Mage."
"Is there a difference?"
There was.
A very big one.
If they were the skilled laborers of the guild, public offices, and workshops, this woman was the real deal.
The fact that she was in the labyrinth proved it.
Mages were a crucial resource in Lapdonia, so unless they could prove their worth, entry into the labyrinth was forbidden.
"I see!"
"Yes, you do. For a Barbarian, you have sharp eyes."
Satisfied with my clear explanation, the female Mage joined the conversation with a calm voice.
Her lips curled into a pleased smile, and I couldn't help but sense her personality.
"Hello.  I'm Arrua Raven, a Sixth-rank Mage.  This here is my personal transporter.  His name... what is it again?"
"Tarzin.  At your service, Raven."
So they were a pair, then.
But overall, they weren't bad.
She had a slightly condescending attitude, but for a Mage, that was quite mild.
There were worse examples in the game.
"May I ask for your introductions as well?"
"Hikurod Murad at your service.  It will be a short journey, but I hope we can work well together, Raven."
"How many years have you been an explorer, Mr. Murad?"
"Three years, I am."
Three years, huh?
No wonder his equipment looked so good.
"Bjorn Yandell at your service."
I stated my name before asking a direct question.
"You don't seem like the type to be active on the first level. How did you end up in this rift?"
Most adventurers on the first level are poorly equipped.
I'd expected to struggle a great deal to clear the rift. 
But a three-year veteran Dwarf and a Sixth-rank Mage?
That was quite a surprise, and it felt too coincidental to be a mere coincidence.
"I can't disclose the details, but I heard that a rift would open this cycle."
"Same here."
Was this just an attempt to kick the ladder down?
As if they'd made a pact, Raven and the Dwarf refused to reveal their methods.
Of course, it didn't really matter.
I had a good idea of how they'd figured it out.
"Einar, the second daughter of Fenril, is here."
After everyone introduced themselves, Raven took the lead.
"We will divide the spoils after removing Tarzin.  Everyone, can you all follow my instructions?"
"No objections. Following a Mage's orders in the labyrinth is common sense."
"Thank you for saying that."
The Dwarf readily agreed, and Raven's gaze fell upon Einar and me.
The decision didn't take long.
With a Mage in the team, sticking out was a bad idea.
It was Mages who'd first recognized the existence of 'Demons,' convincing the royal family to declare them a threat and eliminate them. 
Damn it.
Clearing the rift was no longer the primary goal.
"I agree."
Let's split things evenly. 
While I'd been impressed by his sharp eyes earlier, I couldn't be sure when they might turn into suspicion.
"I disagree."
What?
Einar's firm voice drew everyone's attention.
"I don't understand why a Mage is so great. Bjorn should lead us."
But I agreed!  Why are you doing this?
I wanted to shut her up, but that would make me seem even more suspicious.
The Mage cautiously asked, "Bjorn... you mean this Barbarian, right?"
"Yes. Bjorn is no ordinary Barbarian!"
"No ordinary Barbarian? What do you mean?"
"Bjorn is a wise warrior, the wisest of all. He spends six hours every day in the library reading books."
"Hmm, he is quite peculiar, isn't he?"
"He's not peculiar; he's amazing! I've never seen a Barbarian as intelligent as Bjorn!"
Damn it.
Please just stop.
***
Einar's extravagant praise drew odd glances from everyone, but it passed as a harmless incident.
They seemed to dismiss it as a Barbarian's youthful exuberance.
At least, for now.
"Still, it's a majority vote. What are you gonna do? Hahaha!"
"What's a majority vote? And why are you saying that I can't do anything about it!"
"Um..."
Sensing the tension rising again, I tried to calm Einar down.
But she wasn't letting up, still frowning with a suppressed fury.
"But! Isn't Bjorn better than that Mage!"
Was she still upset about the "For a Barbarian..." comment earlier? 
I wasn't sure, but I was glad I'd made her swear an oath.
Otherwise, she might have blurted out everything, including the fact that I was responsible for the Dimensional Instability and the Rift opening.
"Well, being admired by one's wife is a blessing. I envy you, Barbarian! Hahaha!"
"Wife, what? I don't have a wife!"
"Hahaha! Don't be shy about it!"
"No! It's not like that!!"
Regardless of the content, the Dwarf's rambling kept Einar distracted.
I felt a sense of relief, watching Raven's expression.
Unlike what I'd feared, she wasn't particularly interested in me.
"Hmm, a barrier that prevents us from leaving.  Interesting.  It seems to sever the dimension, but how can we see the other side?"
She muttered to herself, making notes in her notebook.  The barrier preventing us from leaving the map seemed to pique her academic interest.
I hoped she wouldn't become interested in me until after we parted ways.
"Everyone, stop it.  Let's go.  There's much to investigate for sample collection."
"Leaving? We don't even know each other's abilities..."
The Dwarf frowned, responding to Raven's command.
I felt the same way.
A team needs to understand each other's capabilities. Even a hastily assembled group needs to reveal their core skills before starting.
Raven, however, dismissed it as unnecessary.
"Why bother? The monsters in the Blood Citadel are all Seventh-rank or lower."
Her voice was filled with absolute confidence.
The Dwarf showed a slight displeasure but didn't say anything.
Just as she was about to speak again—
"Oh, I forgot to mention. I'll keep any loot from the Guardian for myself.  There's something I need to study."
What kind of heartless bitch is she?
She seemed normal enough for a Mage.
'Damn it.'
Sure enough, things were about to get really messy. 