## Chapter 333: To the Future (3)
What was I doing, and for what purpose?  As a great gamer, one always has to be mindful of their goals and means.  It is a simple truth that saves us from needless waste of time, the starting point of an efficient gaming life.  Therefore...
I licked my lips, my mind racing.  What goal must I achieve in this community? The answer came in a single sentence.  My goal: unravel the identity of the GM. And the means...
"Ah, that's the best approach."
The Lion's Flow. The Fourth Style, Possession. A technique that surpasses method acting, allowing me to carry on conversations as naturally as if I were possessed by the individual in question.  Oh, I just invented it.
"Heh heh, surprised?"
As I chuckled like a geezer, the Caucasian man's eyes widened.
"You, you're really an elder?"
His voice was filled with a sense of welcome.  However, had he perhaps sensed something amiss?  His initial curiosity was replaced by a deepened sense of suspicion. 
"Well, you're tall for an elder...  Your skin too..." 
Heh, a lot of doubt for a newbie.  He's going to be great.  I feigned a pleasant smile, relishing his skepticism.
"That's also true of you, isn't it?"
My tone resembled a grandfather kindly teaching his grandson.  The man seemed to grasp something, glancing around before checking his reflection in a nearby glass pane on the wall.
"Oh, so that's your true form, elder?"
"Indeed."
"But, why the mask...?"
"Because I don't wish to show my true form to others."
"Oh..."
Oh, as if.  The way he nodded in understanding, assuming I had some kind of reason, was quite amusing.  But I maintained composure.  After all, I am not Lee Han-su.
"Heh heh, so what do you think of this place?"
I started with a casual question, intending to gather information piece by piece.
"Well, yes...  I'm still unsure. I don't quite understand what you taught me, either..."
Taught me?
I couldn't make sense of his statement, so I resorted to the Second Style, Staying Silent.  
"..."
The technique never failed to land me at least a basic attack.  It didn't take long before I got a bite.
"That...  realization, you mentioned? That's what's difficult..."
Ah, that's what he meant.
Thankfully, it was an area I was familiar with.  It was a vital skill to learn for anyone who wanted to be active in the Ghostbusters community.
"It originally only worked in chat rooms or internal worlds. But this guy, because he inherited the master's position, I guess it works here too."
I quickly deciphered the situation and continued the conversation naturally.
"Heh heh, it's only natural to find it challenging when you're just starting out.  Let me give you a little help.  Do you happen to have a craving for something to eat?"
"...Yes."
"Close your eyes and visualize what you want, in detail.  Imagine it in your hand.  Yes, good.  You're a fast learner."
"Yes...?"
"Would you like to open your eyes?"
"Yes...  uh, uh?"
The man opened his eyes, seeing the hamburger in his hand, and his eyes widened in shock.  He took a large bite.
"...I can't taste anything."
Ah, that?  
Sorry, that function disappeared when I was creating the round table before you came.
"It's unavoidable, so don't get too discouraged."
"Yes..."
He nodded in agreement, but his head hung low, unable to hide his disappointment.  It was a sentiment I couldn't deny.  I still remember being let down when I first entered Ghostbusters, tasting the soda in the overflowing refrigerator.
"Say, uh..."
"Speak your mind."
"But what about you, elder?  You said we wouldn't see each other again...  "
Based on his tone, it wasn't a question born of suspicion, but mere curiosity.  It wasn't a difficult question, so I answered easily.
"I was worried about you.  I felt I should meet you here once to offer some help before leaving."
"Oh, I see...!"
He, a naive newbie, believed me without a doubt.  
This was my chance.  I'd gained some level of trust, so...  
"Don't worry too much."
I patted him on the shoulder, trying to reassure him that I had no ulterior motives.
"If you have a talent for magic, you'll master realization like this in no time."
The GM is a magician.  I knew this for sure, having met him in person. But the reason I deliberately used the phrase "talent for magic" was simple.  It's always better to be cautious.  After all, he might still be on his way to becoming a magician, still just a year in.
"Oh, magic... so that's why you chose me, elder."
His tone suggests that he's already on the magic path.
"But there's still something I don't understand.  There must have been more skilled mages than a half-baked mage like me.  Why did you choose me...?"
"Don't belittle yourself.  How many people have adapted to this world as quickly as you? You're an extraordinary person, you know."
As I began praising him blindly, the man looked away, blushing.  It was time for another attempt to dig into his background.
"By the way, what was your rank?"
"Sixth rank."
What?
I was truly taken aback.  
No, he hasn't been here a year yet.  
He's a Sixth rank...  Is that even possible in this timeframe?
As that question lingered, he mumbled in a self-deprecating voice. 
"I'm just lucky to have a high rank. I can't even do magic properly, so I live in constant anxiety..."
That cleared up my confusion.  He called himself a "half-baked mage" and said he couldn't "do magic properly", so...
"The character he's possessed is already a mage!"
There's a statistic that says the possessed body is fixed at the age of twenty.  However, unlike explorers, who can only enter the labyrinth as adults, mages can be promoted from childhood.
"Hah, I started out as a bare-bones barbarian."
A wave of jealousy for another human washed over me, but I quickly etched the information into my mind.  
So there's this kind of case among the demons, huh.
"Uh... why are you like that?"
"Heh heh, it's nothing. It's just that you're so impressive."
"...Don't go overboard. It's embarrassing..."
"Embarrassing?  It's not embarrassing to be aware of your shortcomings and strive to improve."
My words, sharp yet warm, filled him with admiration.  
"Elder...!"
Okay, that's almost like a groggy state in a game.
I casually asked, 
"So... what's your name?"
I thought it was about time to find out.
***
The identity of the elusive GM, shrouded in rumors.  I knew he was a mage, but his name and face were still unknown to me.  So I desperately wanted to pry into his background, but...
"Excuse me? My name? Why...?"
He tilted his head, confused by my question.  His eyes, which had just begun to trust me, now held a flicker of doubt.
"Well, this won't work."
I quickly made a decision, switching to Plan B.  Plan A was a mere probe after all.
"Heh heh, I was asking for your real name."
"My, real name?"
He was startled by my playful remark, but then he relaxed, letting out a sigh.
"Ah... I wondered why you suddenly asked for my name.  There was no need to ask such a question."
"Heh heh, it was just a question out of curiosity, so no need to answer if you're uncomfortable."
"No, there's no reason to hide my real name.  It's Oliver Wiseman."
"A good name, heh heh..."
While chuckling like a geezer, I half-heartedly listened to the name "Oliver Wiseman."  
What would be the point, as he said?  
In this place, a real name has no use.
"By the way, elder..."
"Yes?"
"May I ask for some advice?"
"Of course, speak your mind."
"You told me to manage this place well, to make it a place where demons... I mean, players can interact, right?"
Oh, did I say that? 
"Did I?"
"You mentioned a pill. I think I can make it myself with more study, but I'm not sure about other things.  Can you give me some advice?"
"Hmm..."
"I'm lost, I don't know how to design this place."
If that's the problem...
After a moment of contemplation, I offered the GM advice that would be of great help.  
After making my decision, there was nothing left to do.  
He's worried about managing this community?  
I just had to tell him exactly what I saw in the future.
"Since this world categorizes you as demons, it'll be hard for them to enter lightly.  You'll need a system that guarantees anonymity."
"Ah! I have an idea for that part.  It should be like an internet community... "
"Internet community?"
"I apologize, it's probably a foreign term to you."
The GM explained the concept of a community to him as if explaining modern technology to an old man. 
To me, who has lived with the internet all my life, it was completely useless.  
However, thanks to that, I learned one more thing.
"So, Auriel Gavis never really introduced himself, huh."
He only vaguely introduced himself as a demon from another world.  
Anyway, that's not the point.
"Hoh, it's a pretty good idea.  But if possible, using that thing you mentioned, 'computer', would be good too.  It's appropriate for the community format, and people are likely to adapt quickly to something familiar."
"Oh... you're right!"
"You should create an exchange, a place where everyone can benefit.  If they can exchange things from the real world without revealing their identities, this place will be incredibly appealing to them."
"Wow..."
"And when you send the pill, you should send a letter in their native language, explaining what this place is all about."
"Incredible... It's amazing that you understood the concepts of computer and community right away.  How did you come up with such ideas immediately...!"
I continued explaining the final form of Ghostbusters to the GM, as if offering advice, and he was astonished with each point.
But then, he seemed to realize something late.
"It sounds like it will be a fantastic place, but how do you make it?"
The GM tilted his head, confused.
I had nothing to say about that. 
How is that possible?
"That's for engineers to figure out."
Why would I know how to do that?
I said firmly,
"You can do it."
"Yes...?"
"Realization, as well as everything else.  You'll get used to it gradually.  I trust you."
"Ah, yes..."
He responded apathetically, lacking confidence.  But it wasn't something I needed to worry about.  
Because it will happen in the future.
I ended the feasibility debate and continued designing.
"Oh, and one more thing.  When you write the letter, include something like a password for access."
"Password?"
"Yes.  Use a phrase insulting the royal family as the password.  That should filter out spies to some extent."
PS actually became the password later on.  
Of course, it didn't really matter. 
Whether they got the password right or not, Soul Queen would come, verify them, and allow them to join.  
Well, I, with my exceptional perception, figured out the trick hidden in the letter and entered the password before she arrived.
"Wait, thinking about it now, the abbreviation for password is PW, not PS."
Why did it become that?  
Was it just a case of stumbling upon something unintentionally? 
I wondered if there might have been another way to crack the password, but it was a moot point now.
"Elder, are you uncomfortable anywhere...?"
"Ahem, no, I was.  Where was I?"
"You were talking about how to identify spies."
"Ah, that's right."
After that, I gave him information on everything from the content of the letter to individual private spaces and measures to filter out spies and banish them.
"These guidelines should be enough."
I couldn't help but miss some details while explaining verbally, but I wasn't overly concerned.  
How many times have I done something like this in the past?
Whether he listens or not, this mansion will gradually transform into the community I know.
"Hmm, maybe this was my role in this era..."
This thought popped into my mind, and I worried that I might return to my original time immediately after leaving the community.
But...
"Nah, it won't.  It can't be, right?"
I tried to dispel my anxiety.
But then...
"Elder..."
The GM cautiously approached me.
"I'm not sure, but I think I know who you were talking about at the end."
"..."
"I... after hearing about my 15x clear, you said that one day a player who cleared the original difficulty would come here.  The one who would fulfill the wishes of all players, the one you said that."
Ah, I did say that, didn't I.
Understanding the context of our conversation, my body flinched.
"I didn't just randomly throw out a future prediction to anyone."
It turns out he assigned me a monitoring role.
Although the GM himself didn't know.
"Wait, what wish?  Are you talking about the abyssal gate?"
Well, maybe that old geezer just said anything to motivate the GM.  He might have said something like "You have to go back once I show up", or something along those lines.  
Anyway, I'll think about that later.
"Did I say that?"
As I offered a follow-up, the GM continued.
"I've thought about it, and I have someone in mind.  He was quite famous in the Stone Aibhen community...  I also admire him greatly.  Even during the 15x mode clear, I learned a lot from his posts."
I knew who he was talking about.
But since I was disguised as Auriel Gavis, I pretended to be intrigued and asked,
"Who is he?"
"He uses the nickname Elfnunna."
"Hmm?"
"I'm not sure, but I think he's the only one who can clear the original difficulty.  And you said that the player would be a barbarian last time, right?  Coincidentally, he also mainly raised a 'shield-barb'."
"I see...  I understand.  But it's not definite, so it's best to keep your options open.  He might not be a 'barbarian' after all."
I subtly hinted, attempting to cause confusion in the pursuit.
But was that a mistake?
"Excuse me? He might not be?"
Woah, why is he freaking out.
I tried to laugh it off, feigning composure.
"Heh heh, I meant that it's possible."
"Is that so..."
He seemed to agree, but his gaze didn't reflect that.
"Elder."
"Speak your mind."
"May I ask one more question, even if it's impolite?"
The GM stared intently at my eyes, the only part of me visible through the mask, as he asked,
"What is my name?"
Ugh, this is getting annoying.
***
Thinking back, I might have underestimated him.  
Even if he's a newbie, he's a veteran who has been operating this community for over twenty years, carefully concealing his identity.
His ability to make quick judgments might be a bit rusty compared to his prime, but his intelligence is definitely not low. 
My appearance being different from the outside. 
The mask I wear despite that.
And asking my name.
I explained all of those with plausible reasons, making him accept them, but despite that, the dissonance was building.  
No matter how hard I tried to act like a geezer, I couldn't be perfect.  He must have felt a sense of emptiness somewhere in our conversation.
This must have been my fatal mistake.
"...Why aren't you saying anything?"
I gave a bitter, silent laugh in response to his question.  
It wasn't the time to be pondering why things went this way.
"I don't know my name... "
I interrupted the GM, quickly opening my mouth.
"Zerkyph Elmen Mackinder."
I wasn't just throwing out any name in a panic.
"There are three of them, should I tell you all of them?"
It was one of the three mage names I heard from Lee Baek-ho back in the day, who I suspected of being the GM.
So, to summarize:
"The probability is 33.3%."
It was a good enough chance to try before giving up completely.
What would the result be then?
"..."
A moment of silence descended.
And then...
"You...  who are you?"
The GM's voice now carried a hint of hostility. 