##  To the Future (4)
The ideal scenario would have been for the GM to harbor no suspicion until I obtained the information I sought. But it seemed my attempt to conceal my true identity had failed.
“Well, there’s nothing to be done about it now,” I said, dismissing the slight disappointment. The information I had already gleaned was more than enough to justify using my fourth technique. “He’s a sixth-grade mage at the age of twenty, regardless of his school,” I mused. 
At least I had narrowed down the list of suspects from three to two. There was no way that Aouril Gaviss had met this guy and not known his name. 
But judging by his reaction…
“He can’t be Jerkip Elmen Mackinder,” I determined. The 33.3% probability had risen to 50%. Perhaps this was the limit of what I could glean while concealing my identity. It wasn’t as if I was going to be content and leave just yet. 
“I could probably figure it out with some background checks on the two remaining candidates, but…”
Why go the hard way? After all, the reason I had taken such an active approach in gathering information was because of this technique. 
“Tell me,” the GM pressed, his tone commanding as he sensed my deception. “Who are you? How did you get in here? And why were you pretending to be him?”
“Cute.” I smiled slightly, opening my mouth to answer. I was going to reveal my true identity and say this before I left anyway. “Aouril Gaviss.”
“What? That’s the game developer’s—”
“That’s the old man you met.”
The GM frowned as I interrupted. He had heard the words, but the meaning completely escaped him. I explained patiently, playing the role of a compassionate player showing mercy to a newbie. 
“That guy is the one who summoned you to this world and plans to use you. He has no remorse about doing this to you. Be wary of him.”
“Why should I believe you?”
“Believe me or not is your choice. I came here just to warn you.”
“If you’re so concerned about us, why were you pretending to be him?”
“I wanted to know who you were before I said this.”
Of course, I didn’t expect the GM to believe me completely. I hadn’t been completely truthful after all. In fact, he was carefully watching me, trying to understand my motives. 
“The most important thing is how believable it sounds.”
Humans are so sensitive that, after hearing something like this, they tend to feel a little uneasy, regardless of their actual beliefs.  It’s like a crack in the wall – even if it’s small, you can’t help but notice it.
Maybe. Perhaps. Possibly. 
Planting these keywords in the GM's mind was enough for now. 
“Well, I think this is enough about Aouril Gaviss…”
There were countless reasons to be wary of Aouril Gaviss, but I decided to leave it at that.  It would be more effective to pique the GM’s curiosity than to explain everything in detail. 
“You think I’m going to be swayed by your words?!”
The GM raised his voice. For now, my true identity was more important to him than Aouril Gaviss.
“If you don’t reveal yourself—”
How pathetic. 
“That’s not how you ask questions.”  Especially when the person you’re asking is stronger than you.  
I took a step closer, turning the question back on him. 
“If I don’t?”
The GM opened his mouth to respond, but no sound came out. He simply moved his lips, swallowing air. 
“Kherp!”
The Lion Flow.  The Third Technique, Despising the Weak.
I took another step forward, and the GM began to tremble, showing the whites of his eyes.  I couldn’t believe how low his willpower was. 
“You’re weak.”  
I could see that I was the strongest one in the room, and that I was going to be able to take him out without a problem.  I lowered the intensity of my killing intent slightly, knowing that if I kept it up he would be completely submissive.
“Aika Teratios,” I whispered, the name of the second candidate, the one Baekho had told me about. 
The GM’s reaction wasn’t what I expected. 
“What’s he saying?  Is he casting some kind of magic or spell?”
I could see the fear in his eyes as he looked at me. 
“Tsk. Not this one, either?”
That left only one candidate. 
“Yurben Havellion,” I said quickly, not giving him a moment to breathe. I wasn’t entirely sure if Baekho had led me astray with this one. 
But...
“!”
His reaction was distinctly different from before. 
His pupils dilated for a brief moment. His breathing quickened.  His facial muscles tensed.  He avoided my gaze, trying to maintain an indifferent expression, but I knew he wasn't fooling me.  I knew he was hiding his true emotions.
“So that’s your name.”
The thrill of finally learning the GM’s name was mixed with a tinge of bitterness. 
“It took me three tries to get it right.”
I had been so anxious after failing on the first two tries, both of which had seemed possible.  33.3% and 50% were both decent odds, but I had gotten it right this time. 
“It’s always like this with me.”
I repeated his name under my breath, slowly releasing my killing intent.  
The GM, who had been frozen in place, unable to breathe, finally collapsed to his knees, gasping for air. His gaze remained fixed on me. 
“You… who are you really…?”
There was more fear than hostility in his eyes.  Perhaps he could think more rationally now that the pressure on his mind and body had subsided. 
A flash of blinding white light filled the entire space. It was a familiar sensation that I had experienced countless times before.
“See you later.”
The master had used his authority to shut down the community server. 
***
“You awake?”
When I opened my eyes, Amelia was sitting next to the bed.  She had been busy day and night, but the only reason she was here now was because I was vulnerable while I was connected to the community.  
“Anything could happen while you’re out there,” she had said.
“Like what? It only takes ten seconds…”
Maybe she was being overprotective, but I was still grateful.
“Here.”
I reached for the water bottle on the nightstand, but Amelia picked it up and handed it to me. 
“Thanks.”
“So, how did your trip go?”
I took a sip of water to quench my thirst and then told her what had happened.  Amelia listened intently, her interest evident, but she didn’t get too excited about it. 
“Yurben Havellion, the reclusive mage… I can’t believe he’s a devil. The city would be turned upside down if this got out.”
“Reclusive mage?”
“Don’t you know? He’s famous for staying secluded in his tower. Most of his current reputation comes from his days as an explorer.”
“I see.”
I had known about his explorer days, but I didn’t realize he was a recluse.  
“Apparently, he lost his entire school in some kind of incident and then broke away to create his own. He was known for his wind magic when he was an explorer. And he's considered unparalleled in the field of magical artifact creation.”
“That’s why he’s called the ‘Magical Engineer.’”
Anyway, I wrapped up the story by saying that it was a good thing that the Shard of Memory didn’t work. 
“A good thing?”
“Well, at some point I realized that this was my role in this era.  If this had been my last mission, I would have had to return without even buying any equipment.”
“Yeah, I see what you mean.” 
“Amelia? What’s wrong?”
“It’s nothing.  So, did you find a place to hide the equipment?”
Amelia nodded, looking a little strange. It wasn’t something I wanted to press about, though.  There were more important things to talk about. 
“I don’t know. I looked at a lot of places, but I’m not sure.  I want to talk this over with you, too.”
I listed off all the places I had visited so far and then asked for Amelia’s opinion. 
“They all have their risks, to be sure.”
“The Sacred Forest would be ideal, but that shaman is always hanging around, so I’m a bit uneasy about it.”
“How about a bank vault?”
“A bank vault?”
That wasn’t even an option I considered.  You would need to use the ‘Nivells Entche’ identity to access a bank.  
That would expose my true identity when I retrieved the equipment, and, most importantly, the ‘Nivells Entche’ identity was set to be erased next year due to unpaid taxes.  
In other words, whatever I left in the bank would be handed over to the royal treasury. 
“I can’t prepay twenty years of taxes.” 
I ruled out the bank, given all these limitations. 
“But Amelia, I thought you didn’t know about banking.”
“Of course I know.  It’s not like I’m an idiot.”
“Well, it’s not like I’m an idiot either.  You’re my partner, you know. You know I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t think it was necessary to.”
“You’re the one who doesn’t trust anyone,” Amelia retorted, but I knew she was right. 
“Just tell me.”
I sat up straighter, and Amelia began to explain. 
“The Alminas Bank has what they call ‘anonymous term vaults.’”
“Never heard of them.”
It wasn’t a system that existed in the game.  So, it must be a recent update, within the last 150 years.  
“It’s not surprising you haven’t heard of them. They’re a little-known system, even among explorers who frequent banks.”
Amelia then gave me a brief explanation of the anonymous term vault.
“So, basically, as long as you pay, you can store things there without revealing your identity, and you can retrieve them using only a password.”
Not bad. 
***
The next day, Amelia and I went to the bank. I wanted to make sure there were no hidden clauses or anything else that would put me at risk. 
“This place is better than a Swiss bank.”
I was convinced that it was safer than burying the artifact in the ground, so I deposited the Croul Demon Crusher in an anonymous term vault.  The term was set for twenty-two years.  
The initial payment was no small sum, but...
“Don’t worry, I can definitely afford that,” Amelia said with a casual smile.
She had pulled it off again, as usual.  I was happy that she seemed to be doing well.  
“Did you really get all the missing funds?”
Amelia had been working day and night to raise the capital we needed.  I asked how she managed it.  
“It was nothing.  I just sold some information.” 
She’d used her returner privilege to sell information, mainly to people who were interested in the auction. She’d sold the names and colors of the artifacts that would be on display.  
“But how could they be sure the information was true?”
“Oh, that’s simple. I used my position as the branch manager of the Central Exchange.”
“Used? How?”
“I followed the branch manager everywhere, day and night. I did some digging, and eventually found something that he’d rather not have people know. I blackmailed him.”
The exchange was highly secretive, and even the branch manager didn’t know the details of the artifacts they would be selling.  
But that was a small problem for us.  The key was to make people believe that it was inside information from a reliable source.
“The branch manager was intimidated when we went to his office together to confirm our relationship.  No one doubted the information.  They probably figured they could hold the branch manager accountable if it wasn’t true.”
I was speechless. That was some serious business acumen.  
“Amelia…!!”
“What?! Don’t cling to me!!”
Amelia had taken care of everything, from finding a place to hide the equipment to getting the money to buy the equipment and the artifact. 
“Whew, is today the day?”
Finally, the day of the auction had arrived.
]]]