## Snowball (3)
My mind went numb.  My vision blurred as if a can had been crushed, and Amelia's words echoed endlessly in my head.
"The royal family declared you a demon." 
"The royal family declared you a demon."
"The royal family declared you a demon."
It was a shock as if dozens of strong men had surrounded me and were pounding my head with hammers. If not for Amelia, I would have remained frozen for a long time.
"Yandell."
"Ah…"
"…Are you alright?"
Amelia's face was close to mine when I finally regained consciousness. Her small, right hand rested on my chest as she looked up at me with concerned eyes.
"Uh, uh…"
"I understand how you feel, but now is not the time for that."
"Ah, sorry…"
Amelia grabbed my wrist and pulled me forward, and I followed, my mind still numb.  After all, her judgment was right. Even Erwen now considers me a demon. In other words, I can't expect her to treat me as a comrade.  This is probably true of the other comrades, too. 
‘Right…,’ I clenched my jaw. ‘It finally came to this.’
Even though I readily accepted it, another thought crossed my mind. What if she's chasing Amelia under the misconception that she killed me?  Perhaps, despite knowing I'm a demon, she might treat me the same way as before. Yes, that possibility is definitely there.  But…
"I don't need your protection anymore."
I removed Amelia's hand from my wrist and started running on my own.  Amelia was right, Erwen can't protect me now. Even if she wanted to, Erwen is a member of the fairy race.  If she helped me, it would harm her people, and Erwen is more likely to prioritize her race over her personal feelings.
‘…That's just an excuse, isn't it?’ I laughed bitterly as I ran.  Even if I'm cunning and cowardly, I can't fool myself.
I still don't want to meet Erwen. To be precise, I'm afraid. I don't know what she'll say to me.
[That's right! The chieftain said so too!  Demons must be killed immediately upon discovery!] 
Ainar's words from the past.
[Y-yeah... I didn't know before, but after today's events, I understand for sure.  Why people said not to trust demons…]
Misha's words.
[It's wise to deal with them when you have the chance.  Look at what happened to those who believed in demons.  That's the result right there.]
The bear's words. 
Throb.
It felt like daggers were piercing my heart.  Just thinking about it was like this, so what would it be like to experience it firsthand?  To see them doubt my sincerity.  To see them express their anger at being deceived. What expression would I wear at that moment?
"…"
If I could just escape this situation, I might be able to manage things so that day never comes. That's why I ran with Amelia.
"Yandell, this way!"
We left the empty plaza, ran through the dark streets of the underground city, and headed towards the Lord's Castle located in the central area. There is a secret passage in the Lord's Castle besides the cemetery.  Our immediate priority is to reach the surface through this passage—
Screech-! 
Just as we reached the Lord's Castle and I was about to force open the closed door, Amelia pushed me through the gap.
Thwock.
An arrow flew, silent and swift, piercing deep into Amelia's back.
"!"
My mouth gaped in shock and my body tilted. Amelia collapsed onto me as if she were folding herself.  She caressed my cheek.
"Safe, now…"
"…Safe? What are you—!"
"Ex, pres, sion… No, harm…."
Her words were incoherent.  But there was no time to ask. I quickly scooped up Amelia and stood up.
"Gol, den…."
Amelia tried to say something, but her words were cut short.
Crack-!
Amelia exploded. In my arms. 
***
「Erwen Fornach Di Tercia cast [Rupture].」
***
Thud, thud, thud.
Dozens of fragments fell to the ground. It was an unreal sight. 
"Am, elia…?"
The weight disappeared from my arms, where I held Amelia.  I couldn't even bring myself to move my arms, which had lost their purpose.  I just thought.
Amelia is dead? Like this…? By Erwen…?
My body stiffened like a statue for a moment, then I noticed something strange.
"Blood."
There was no blood.  An explosion strong enough to fragment a person like this should have scattered blood everywhere. But there wasn't a single drop on my body.  And as soon as I realized this…
Whoooooosh-!
Amelia, now hundreds of pieces of flesh, dissolved into a beam of light and vanished.  Just like a monster that had met its demise.
「Amelia Rainwales’s clone has sustained irreparable damage.」
「Summoning will be terminated.」
Right, it was a clone she had created using [Self-Replication].  Oh, I was so scared…  I thought she really died.  ‘If you were going to meet me as a clone, you could have just told me beforehand.’
As scared as I was, I felt a little pout towards Amelia. But I quickly dismissed that feeling. Now was not the time for that.
‘Let's think as I run.’
I pushed off the ground and continued my escape.  I knew the location of the secret passage because I memorized the entire path while following Amelia to Noirarc.  The problem is whether I can reach it safely…
Thud, thud.
The arrows aren't flying yet. But there's no way to know how long this will last. Therefore…
‘If I fight… can I win?’
I envisioned the worst-case scenario.  The possibility of Erwen being hostile and trying to kill me.  As soon as I imagined that, the scene of Amelia's body exploding flashed through my mind.
‘That effect…,’ It was a different kind of explosion than a normal one.  No flames erupted.  The fragments didn't scatter like a grenade. They simply crumbled like a game of Jenga.
‘It looks like [Rupture] to me…,’ 
For reference, [Rupture]'s effect is simple. No matter if it's an arrow, a sword, or an axe, if the blade pierces flesh and inflicts a certain amount of damage.  It deals fixed damage proportional to the caster's main stat.  This means it bypasses all physical resistance, magic resistance, and attribute defenses.  Just like ‘Aura’, the exclusive power of humans.
‘On top of that, she said she got ‘Pure Blood’ and made a contract with a spirit king…’
Whether it was [Rupture] or not, I feel like my chances of winning a one-on-one battle are slim.  It's no wonder; someone with those stats must have equally impressive equipment.
‘How can I possibly win against this with nothing but my bare hands?’
I continued running at full speed, thinking these things, when…
Hooooooooong-
The Light Gem, which had served as the light source in the dark underground city, lost its glow.  This wasn't a natural phenomenon.  I have used Light Gems many times myself.  This magical item gradually dims and goes out when it runs out of mana.  Not like this, instantly losing all its light.
‘…A Shadow Spirit?’ I didn't expect her to have mastered this attribute too.  
I stopped running.
Thud.
I am confident in my ability to memorize the path I have already traveled.  If I focus on my steps and walk, I can somehow find my way to my destination in the dark. If only there wasn't someone chasing me from behind…
‘Escape failed.’
I closed my eyes as soon as that thought came to mind.  It is the right decision to abandon my useless sight and concentrate on my other senses.  My heightened hearing soon picked up the footsteps.
Thump, thump.
I was a little surprised.  I thought I would hear the sound of arrows first, of course.
‘I guess even if she thought I was a demon, she’d still want to have a conversation.’
I kept tension in my toes, ready to move at any time, but I also thought about Amelia's last words.
[Ex, pres, sion… No, harm….]
She must have seen my expression.  She’s a woman with a range of perception several times wider than mine.  Erwen could have made eye contact with me while she was shooting arrows from the darkness.  However…
‘How can you be sure just by looking at someone’s face?’
No one knows what thoughts Erwen is having as she walks towards me in the darkness. Therefore…
"Erwen?"
I called out to her.
There was no response.  Nor did the footsteps stop.
Thump-!
The only sound was my own heartbeat, booming like thunder.
"Daddy."
That familiar greeting, long unheard, accompanied the Light Gem as it began to function again.
Whoooosh-!
The light spread in all directions, illuminating the surroundings.  Thanks to that, I was able to realize…
"Really."
Why Amelia said it was fortunate. Why she was sure she wouldn't hurt me.
"Daddy… is that you…?"
It was something you could tell just by looking at someone's face. Well, at least for that moment, it was.
***
"Yes."
The moment I uttered those words of affirmation.  Erwen's amber eyes shimmered with a kaleidoscope of emotions.  Joy, delight, anticipation, anxiety, fear.  And…
"How…."
Disbelief.
"You, you were supposed to be dead…"
"Ah, that's how things turned out."
"That's how things turned out?! That's not something you just say and…!"
Erwen raised her voice momentarily, as if her emotions had been heightened, but then abruptly closed her mouth.  "…Could it be, that woman's scheme?"
It was as if she had realized something. Erwen's eyes sharpened.  "Who are you."
Oh, I didn't know she would have such drastic mood swings...  I became uneasy about whether she would really not hurt me, but I tried to hide it and replied.
"Who am I? It's me, Bjorn Yandell."
"Liar."
"Well, would you believe me if I used [Gigantification]?"
"Yeah, try it."
Her tone was short and strangely unnatural, but I cast [Gigantification] without a word.
"What, what?! You really are Daddy?!"
Erwen's tone returned to its usual self.  Well, only for a short period of time.
"That's right—"
"No, that’s not enough for me to believe you."
"…Huh?"
"Show me something else."
Erwen, who had been ecstatic with tears in her eyes, immediately switched to her cold mode, and I quickly used [Leap].  And then…
"Y-you really are Daddy…!"
"Yeah, it's good to know that you finally believe me—"
"…Did you expect this? That's not enough."
The same thing happened over and over.  Was she going to demand proof of all my abilities?  I felt a little dizzy when she told me to use [Flesh Explosion].
"…It was fake, after all?"
The look in her eyes, full of madness and killing intent, truly sent shivers down my spine.  But I told her that I had deleted those abilities and instead decided to verify my identity with stories that only we knew.
"The first thing you gave me."
"Richo Leaf."
"The name of the inn where we spent our first night."
"…"
"Can’t… you… answer…?"
"It… It was an inn named Garlic and Salt."
"It's too late."
"No, I was just surprised because you said first night.  It was just a visit to see your abilities…."
"Hmm."
How long did we talk about old times?  As stories that only we knew in the world flowed out of my mouth, she gradually settled down, and finally, she completely stopped doubting me. 
Though it’s still uncertain when she might flip out and point her arrow at my forehead again. But for now, at least, she’s done.
"Ah, Daddy…!"
"Long time no see. It's been 2 years and 6 months, hasn’t it?"
A greeting that took a while to come out.  Erwen, who had put her bow away, clenched her fist in anger.  "Why… did you only appear now?  You were alive all this time… Why didn’t you come looking for me?"
Ah, from her point of view, that's how it would seem.  It's not like I didn’t want to come…
"I had my reasons."
I answered quickly, thinking that she might flip out at any moment.  Erwen asked cautiously, "By reasons, do you mean... the fact that you were declared a demon?"
That's probably the most important question of this conversation.  It was a hurdle I knew I had to overcome. However, as I was pondering how to approach this…
"You're an idiot."
Erwen muttered quietly.  "There's no way I’d care about something like that…"
“…You don’t believe the royal family's proclamation?”
Even as I asked, I felt a mix of guilt and relief.  Erwen must have come to the conclusion that it wasn't true.  The fact that she’s talking to me so casually in front of me now is proof—
"No?  Whether that proclamation is true or not, it has nothing to do with me, does it?"
"Huh?"
Erwen looked back at me as if I were asking a matter-of-fact question.  I couldn’t help but tilt my head.  Perhaps she thought I needed an explanation?  Erwen opened her mouth, explaining carefully.
"Daddy, we met after we became adults, right?"
"Yeah, that’s right?"
"Demons only appear on the day you become an adult."
"…Then?"
"But what does it matter if you're a demon or not?"
"…Is that right?"
I asked back, unable to hide my skepticism.  Erwen suddenly came closer and held my hand tightly.
"You risked your life to protect me in the cave, you taught me things I didn't know, and you were the one who lifted me up after my sister… died. You are my Daddy."
The warmth of her touch felt incredibly comforting.
"No matter what anyone says, you’re Bjorn Yandell to me."
Yes, there are people who think of me this way. 
“…”
So many thoughts came to mind, like ‘Thank you’ or something along those lines.  But I couldn’t say anything, and just closed my mouth tight.  
Perhaps Erwen doesn't know.  How much her words comforted me…
"But…."
Then Erwen released my hand.  And with a look and tone that seemed to have returned to the beginning, she said to me, "Are you really Daddy?"
I'm going to lose my mind. 