## Snowball (4)
The seventh layer of the labyrinth, the Dark Continent. A dense, mountainous region shrouded in a thick, black fog, was where five explorers were currently setting up camp.
“Old man Ruin, how much longer till we reach the barrier magic circle?”
“About ten minutes, I’d say.”
“Still? Ugh, that’s why we need a priest in the team.”
The old man, drawing the magic circle, showed a subtle change in expression at the blond man’s complaint. It wasn’t apparent, but it was displeasure.
“If you’re so unhappy, why don’t you fill the empty spot with a priest?”
The blond man chuckled at the old man’s remark.
“Grandpa, do you think a priest would join our team?”
“There are priests in Karui, aren’t there?”
“Half-baked healers are not our style, I’m afraid.”
The blond man muttered and turned his gaze away from the old man, towards the fog. 
Though the dark fog obscured his vision, the man’s eyes saw the shape of a monster moving towards them through the mist. 
A level-5 beast, the Divewolf. It was alone, perhaps banished from its pack after losing a hierarchy battle. The blond man turned his attention to a woman, his voice light and casual.
“Meow Meow, you take care of that one.”
“I told you not to call me that.”
“You’re so sensitive. Anyway, what’s your answer?”
At the man’s words, Misha Kalstain, a red-haired beastwoman, rose silently, her hand gripping her sword. And then…
“Woof Woof…!”
As soon as the monster emerged from the fog, her sword moved. Two blows were enough.
"Thud!"
The moment the sword in her left hand pierced the monster’s hide, a frigid chill swept over the creature, instantly freezing its body. 
“Bang-!”
The sword in her right hand shattered the frozen monster into pieces.
“Oh, now you’re one-shotting level-5s?”
“…”
Misha didn’t respond, simply returning to her seat. The blond man muttered in a wronged tone.
“Hey, why are you always so cold to me?”
“Do you really not know…?”
“Would you know? I bring you along, feed you essence, train your skills, even teach you how to revive your lover. What more do you want - ”
“Stop it.”
“Just look at your tone. You were so cute when you used to purr — ”
“I said, stop it.”
Misha’s cold stare met his, and the blond man shrugged, settling back by the campfire.
“Oh, right, we’re not supposed to talk about your lover. Sorry.”
His apology was insincere. The blond man nonchalantly started gossiping with the other members of the team. Misha quietly suppressed her boiling emotions.
‘…Ibaekho.’
The name of the blond man before her. 
A lone wolf, the only one that the royal family truly feared, a master swordsman who always outsmarted even Noirarc’s finest.
Crackle, crackle.
Watching the embers spark erratically, Misha recalled their first meeting.
***
It was like a hand extended by a demon. A proposition impossible to resist.
“What would you do if I told you there was a way to revive Bjorn Jandell?”
Ibaekho had said it that day. 
He spoke of a ‘Stone of Rejuvenation’ on the ninth floor. That it could bring back lost souls. Of course, this wasn't an act of selfless kindness.
"But there’s a price for it.”
Ibaekho had laid out two conditions.
"First, you have to testify that Bjorn Jandell is a wraith."
“…What?”
“You were practically lovers, weren’t you? If you said it, it wouldn’t just sound like a rumor.”
The first condition was entirely unclear.
"That’s absurd! If Bjorn comes back to life, he’d have nowhere to go, and I’d be -!"
"So, are you not going to do it?"
Ibaekho cut her off with a smirk. 
Misha wanted nothing more than to flee the spot, but she pressed her lips together and held it in. 
It was a simple reason. 
She felt that if she said another word, he would retract his offer and leave.
"Alright."
Ibaekho, pleased with Misha’s patience, continued with a gentler tone.
"Look, I know this was unexpected, but I didn’t make this offer lightly. If my plan goes according to my calculations, I can take down the entire royal family.”
“…The royal family?”
"It seems we need to deal with the royal family first before we can cross the abyssal gate. Exposing Bjorn Jandell as a wraith is the first step.”
Crazy bastard.
The words rose to her throat, but Misha forced them down.
“Anyway, my point is… once the royal family is gone, it won’t matter if he's a wraith or not. He'll be free to live his life.”
“…What if your plan fails?”
"Then I'll take responsibility and get you out of the city walls. I hear it’s a decent place to live. If you don’t like that, we can make new identities and live in secret in the outskirts of the city.”
“…”
“Pretty good deal, right?”
It didn’t matter if it was a good deal or not. 
If those words were true, she had no choice. 
It’s better to live than to die.
And a world without Bjorn was like death to her.
However, Misha wasn’t foolish enough to accept immediately.
“…Tell me your second condition.”
"Oh, that? It’s simple. You have to help me."
“…”
"I’ve been needing a dual-sword ice mage."
Misha flinched at his nonchalant statement.
He was smiling, but his eyes looked at her as if she were an object, not a person.
“…Why me?”
Misha struggled to speak, feeling a strange sense of intimidation. 
She wanted to know what was hidden behind this man’s eyes. 
But…
"It’s just a whim."
The answer was different from what she expected.
“…A whim?”
“Yeah, it’s not like you’re essential. It’s not like we can’t spread rumors about Bjorn Jandell being a wraith without you, and I have to get the Stone of Rejuvenation anyway, so it just adds a lot of unnecessary trouble — ”
His voice was as if he were dealing with a bothersome burden. 
Her humiliation boiled from her toes, but Misha held it in.
"Oh, but there is one advantage."
Ibaekho looked at Misha with a mischievous smile.
"You have a reason to be unable to betray me, don’t you?”
That was why he had come to this place. 
***
I wanted to shout for help.
I wanted to call for my friends.
I wanted to run, to hide.
But I couldn’t.
No, that’s not right. 
I *wouldn’t*.
I *couldn’t* allow myself to be so weak.
I had to be strong. 
I had to protect them.
And I had to survive.
***
You can only imagine how much *I* wanted to scream.
The world was dark, and I felt the cold fog on my skin. 
Then I heard a strange beeping sound. 
I pushed myself up, blinking against the darkness. The area was dim, but not so much that I couldn’t see.  A white gem glowing softly lay where I had been sleeping. 
‘The Fragment of Recorded Stone?’
I reached for it, hoping, praying. 
But…
‘What the hell, it’s just a Light Gem.’
It was just a common magic tool. All it did was glow. A replacement for a torch, a common item any explorer would have. 
Why was it here?
I held the Light Gem high so its glow could reach further. The light illuminated the area, revealing the building I was in.
[The character’s location has been confirmed.]
A plain stone building, nothing special about it. The road outside wasn’t paved with stone, like in Raphdonia. It was the exact same structure and shape as the place I’d just left. The only difference was that it seemed like more time had passed.
Hmmm, so it seems I came back correctly…
‘But where’s Amelia? Why isn’t she here?’
Amelia wasn’t there. 
Did she wake up before me? 
When we first went to the past, I’d woken up first. 
Maybe she found this magic tool, set it up, and went somewhere else. 
If so, she should be nearby.
“Ahem.” I cleared my throat, then called out as loud as I could.
“Amelia—!”
The call of a barbarian, blessed with a powerful voice, echoed through the city. 
But after waiting several minutes, there was no answer. 
“…”
It was an unsettling silence. 
Did I come back to this time alone, leaving Amelia behind?
The thought stabbed at me, but I decided to stay put. 
‘At least I can wait here for now.’
Since I was stuck, I decided to check my status.
[Information compatibility 83%.]
[Character information requires updating.]
[Updating and synchronizing... ]
My essence from the past was still intact. 
But I continued my assessment. I’d been in an inn, and then had a day out in the city, before coming straight to Noirarc. I never had a chance to properly check my stats.
[The essence of the Corpse Golem in the character's soul has been removed.]
[Pain resistance decreased by -70.]
[Strength decreased by -15.]
[Bone density… ]
My dulled senses returned somewhat with the drop in pain resistance.  The +30 from Bjorn’s essence meant I wasn’t completely devoid of resistance, but the 70-point gap was noticeable.
No big deal.  Overall, my stats had risen significantly.
Here’s a summary:
[The essence of the Vol-Herchan has entered the character’s soul.]
[Physical resistance increased by +70.]
[Natural regeneration increased by +40.]
[Poison resistance increased by +120 …]
Physical resistance and natural regeneration. Two of the most important stats for a tank, along with poison resistance.  
While my Strength didn’t increase, I had a higher stat to compensate.
[Muscle mass increased by +15.]
Muscle mass. An ultra-rare stat, only attainable from a few high-level monsters. 
The effect is simple. 
Every point in muscle mass increases total strength by 1%.
‘My current stat is 20%, meaning my Strength will increase by just over 60… ’
On top of that, I received bonus stats: +30 in Endurance, +20 in Vision, and +80 in Bone density. 
One essence alone had raised my stats dramatically.
But there were also some decreases.
[Agility decreased by -30.]
[Flexibility decreased by -50.]
[Synchronization complete.]
[Character log transmission resumed.]
The decrease in Flexibility was more noticeable than that in Agility. 
My body was significantly stiffer. 
It even restricted some movements that were previously possible. 
My Agility was lower, making my movements slower. 
‘Still, that penalty is nothing compared to what I gained.’
Stats aside, Vol-Herchan’s essence had a major advantage: its skill.
(P) Evolving Exoskeleton - Grants a constant bonus based on physical resistance.
First, the passive skill, [Evolving Exoskeleton]. 
This skill activates with additional effects at physical resistance values of 70, 350, 750, and 1,500.
The effect of the first stage is:
[The character’s physical resistance is 70 or higher.]
[Grants 50% resistance to all sword-class weapons.]
The ‘Swordproof’ I usually call it. 
This is why it’s an essence made for countering Aura. Aura always falls under the ‘sword’ category. 
This skill alone reduces the effect of the 90% physical penetration effect by 45%. 
‘Anyway, I need to turn on [Gigantify] to activate the second stage… ’
The third stage can be unlocked with just one more essence.  I’m sure it’ll work if I take some more supplements.  But I’d rather not even dream of the fourth stage. 
Most multiplier-based buffs have limits. 
For example, the Oak Shaman’s level-3 skill, [Zeal], which increases physical resistance by 300% for 10 seconds, doesn’t go above 300 physical resistance.
‘But… is she really not around?’
I was getting anxious, watching my status and waiting for Amelia. 
It felt like almost two hours had passed.  But still no sign of Amelia.
"Damn it…"
Something was definitely wrong. 
The Light Gem was already glowing when I woke up. 
Even if it wasn’t Amelia, someone had to have activated it.
‘…I better take a look around.’
It was foolish to stay put, worried, when I could take action. 
I took the Light Gem with me, illuminating the area with its bright glow, and started walking. 
There was another question that had been nagging at me.
‘It’s strange how deserted this city is.’
Noirarc fled beyond the city walls to escape the invasion. Then the royal army took over the city. 
But what about now?
It was dead quiet, no sounds of life.
“Could it be…?”
I felt a chill run down my spine, but it was too soon to jump to conclusions. 
I had to focus on what I could do.
Like finding some clothes to cover myself. 
“Bang!”
I walked into the nearest inn and dusted off the tablecloth, wrapping it around my waist. 
It’s not like there were any clothes that would fit.
‘At least I look more civilized now.’
I’d solved the ‘clothes’ part, so now I was hungry. I went from room to room, looking through drawers and cabinets. 
These inns were popular with explorers, so I was bound to find some preserved food to tide me over. 
‘It’s not like I’m in a post-apocalypse world or anything.’
Finding food in an abandoned building was unsettling, but I was used to it.
“Well, I guess I’ll take another look around.”
With my stomach more or less satisfied, I left the building and wandered through the eerily quiet city. 
I eventually came across a deserted Dimensional Plaza.  A large tent stood in the middle.
‘The royal family…?’
The royal family’s insignia was emblazoned on the military tent. They must have set it up when they occupied Noirarc.
I took a peek inside. No one seemed to be around. The royal army must have taken everything when they retreated.
“Damn it…”
The problem was that the tent looked like it hadn’t been used in a long time. 
I’d already ruled out the possibility of a time freeze in the city, but this was even more unsettling. 
“How much time has passed?”
A dreadful premonition grew, and a shiver ran down my spine. And then, just behind me…
“Finally… ”
I whipped around to see a face I desperately wanted to see.
“Amelia—!”
Amelia Rainwells. 
The SSR-class ally I’d travelled back in time to recruit.  Thank goodness I hadn’t come back alone. 
Maybe she had woken up first, and just went somewhere else. 
“Where have you been? I thought you were gone for good— ”
I went to speak, but stopped.
“What’s with your gear?”
Amelia was fully clad in custom-made armor, a stark contrast to my naked body. 
‘Is it even possible to farm gear like that in such a short time?’
I felt a sense of detachment.  But before I could even question her, Amelia took my wrist and pulled me along.
“We’ll talk on the way. Come with me!”
***
If a car suddenly pulled up, and someone told you to get in, what would you do?
My answer would be ‘YES’. 
‘There must be a reason.’
If it was a random stranger, I’d hesitate, but my ally? 
It’s always best to follow their lead.  
So...
“Huff huff…!”
It was sudden, but I was running. 
At full speed, trying to keep up with Amelia. 
Of course, I’m curious, but…
“Amelia—! What’s going on?  Give me some explanation, even if it’s brief!”
Amelia’s answer was as brief as I’d asked for.
“There’s a pursuer.”
"A pursuer?"
“One of the Seven Strong, Blood Spirit Lady.”
“What?”
"This is my fault.  I didn’t expect she’d have gotten this strong, already able to sense my presence. This is my fault - ”
My head was spinning. I had no idea what was going on.  
What are the Seven Strong? 
Who is this Blood Spirit Lady? 
I had so many questions, but time was of the essence.  So I asked the most important thing first.
“Is she strong enough that we can’t beat her even as a team?”
“Yes.  I’d definitely lose if I fought her head-on.”
“What? Who is this woman?”
“…Well, it’s understandable that you don’t know. This was before she made a pact with the Spirit King, before she was known as Blood Spirit Lady.”
Amelia stopped, turning to look at me while running.
"Erwen Fornaci di Tercia.”
“…What?”
"She’s the current Pureblood, the contracted of the Ninth Spirit King. That’s her name.”
My mind went blank. 
Pureblood? Spirit King?
“….Erwen?”
She’s gotten that strong?
No, that’s not the most important part.
“How much time has passed…?”
The question slipped out of my mouth before I could stop it.  Amelia ran on, but her voice sounded weary as she answered.
“Two years, six months.”
“…”
"Two years, six months since they announced your death.”
Damn.