## Snowball (5)
Bjorn Jandel was a wraith. 
At first, it was mere rumor, but as time passed, even the royal family acknowledged it. Of course, refuting it wouldn't be difficult. All I needed was to create an opportunity to prove myself, and then utilize the gift Aurril Gaviss bestowed upon me.  My title of Jandel Baronet and my reputation would be restored. But...
"Something just doesn't feel right."
The more I thought about it, the more uneasy I felt.  After all, the dead have a right to immunity. Not truly, but out of respect. Pointing fingers at the deceased holds little meaning.  People don't delve deeply, nor do they show much interest. Yet, this situation had actually unfolded.  The rumor of a deceased person being a wraith had spread, and the royal family was acknowledging it – an absurd notion. 
“I need to tread carefully for a while,” I muttered.
There was something unnatural about the situation. It didn't feel like the will of the gods, a series of coincidences leading to a destined outcome. Someone was fueling the rumor mill, and the royal family acknowledging it must have had a reason, a compelling one at that.  The problem, however...
“I have no idea what that reason could be.”
Information was scarce. Simply going to the royal family and declaring, “I’m back from the dead!” would be dangerous.  Not everyone would welcome my return. There might be some who would resent it enough to try to erase my existence.  And if that someone were within the royal family, I would be as good as dead. 
"I need to know what's going on before I step into the spotlight," I decided.
For the time being, I would remain undetected and gather information.  Clearing my name and reclaiming my title and reputation would be the next step.
"Ugh…"
After sorting out my thoughts, I let out a long sigh and checked on Erwen, who was still asleep in the bed.  For the time being, I had no choice but to rely on her.  I didn't even have a place to stay, let alone money for clothes.  Using this body to disguise my identity and gather information would be impossible.  To be honest, I was quite embarrassed by my current state. 
"But at least she’s still passed out after all that alcohol.  Perhaps she’s not completely gone..."
As I looked at Erwen, sleeping like an angel, I had a thought.
"Erwen, how long will you keep staring out the window like that?”
Erwen opened her eyes.  
“It’s as if you’re waiting for someone.”
What…? I thought she was just asleep from drinking.  
***
The night passed, the gentle moonlight casting a peaceful aura over the room.  The next morning, Erwen quickly dressed and prepared to leave.  She gave me one last warning, her voice laced with worry.  
"Don't you dare go outside while I'm gone. I have ways of knowing if you take a single step. Understood...?"
I was curious about her "ways," but simply nodded my agreement and asked about her destination.
"Are you going back to the Sanctuary?"
"Yes, I have to visit."
Of course.  I heard that she had taken the pure blood of the Elf race and made a contract with the Spirit King. She too, had her own duties and responsibilities—
"I need money for the future."
"...What?"
"I'll sell everything I can and find us a nicer place to live.  This… well, this place isn't really ideal, is it?"
"...What's wrong with this place?"
"Well, it’s not that I dislike it, but it’s always better to start in a nicer place, wouldn’t you agree...?"
I didn’t understand her logic, but I decided to take her words to heart.  This inn wasn’t the best place to hide. 
"Okay, so… I'll be back?"
"Wait, there's one thing.  Could you do me a favor?"
"A favor? Should I get you some meat?"
"No, no, it’s not that. Not that I’m against getting meat.  Anyway, it’s something else."
I asked Erwen to go to the bank and check on the safe deposit box.  If there was anything inside, I told her to bring it to me without asking any questions.
"Got it. See you later, old man!”
Erwen readily agreed and left.  Her back seemed completely untrustworthy.
"Will she really bring it...?"
I couldn’t help but feel uneasy, but there wasn’t much I could do. If I went out, someone might recognize me.  
"Thank goodness Amelia came back first."
Last night, I realized that the current time was past the safe deposit box’s 22-year storage period.  I had been shocked, but thankfully Amelia seemed to have taken care of everything. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have left such a will…  
“Gold, take...”
She must have gone to extend the storage period.  What a reliable woman.  
"She seems to have grown even more since yesterday."
The summoned clone’s activation range was 5 meters, based on the skill [Self Replication]. And after summoning, it could operate within a 100-meter radius.  But I wasn’t sure if Amelia’s actual body was around at that time.  
In simpler terms, she must have acquired a new ability.  
According to the database, there were three synergy skills that fit those conditions.  But considering how Amelia used to listen to my advice in the past, she likely chose the one I recommended…
“[Dual Governance].”
She probably consumed the essence of the Twin Hydra and gave her clone independence.  I had already explained the drawbacks of the other synergy skills.  
"Whatever. I need to get some sleep."
I had spent the night practically wide awake and was incredibly tired.  I returned to the bed and closed my eyes.  
How long had it been?
"Old man, wake up."
"Ah...you're back..."
I opened my eyes, and Erwen was standing before me.  The sun was slowly setting outside the window.  Checking my watch, it seemed about eight hours had passed...
"Did anything happen outside?"
"You... are worried about me?"
No, I was asleep.  
"Of course I am."
"...Heehee, this is nice."
"Ahem, so, how did your trip go?"
"Ah, that?  Thankfully, I had some money saved up so I could find a decent house!  Because I was pressed for time, it wasn't perfect, but don’t worry!  I fixed all the flaws."
"Really? That’s good to hear."
Since the house wasn’t that important to me, I ended the topic and moved on to what I was truly curious about.
"But... what about the bank? How was that?"
"Ah...the bank...?"
Her reaction was quite odd.  My anxiety grew.  
Did she fail to open the safe deposit box? I gave her the right password, didn’t I?  Or maybe Amelia didn’t manage to extend the period?  Countless possibilities swirled in my head.  
"Here you go."
Erwen pulled out a crumpled piece of paper from her pocket, something that looked like a ball.
"Um..."
I awkwardly took it, but I didn’t understand.  
"What is this...?"
"It was in the safe deposit box. You told me to bring it."
"Was there a hammer in there? Something about this big—"
"No.  That's all there was, that letter."
"...A letter?"
I finally understood what the paper ball was.  Carefully, I unfurled it.  The sender wasn’t written, but it was easy to tell who wrote it.  
Amelia Rainwales. 
"...Can I read it?"
"Go ahead."
After receiving Erwen’s permission, I skimmed through the letter as fast as I could. It was full of creases, but the writing was legible.  
Briefly summarized, it said:  
She had taken some precautions, but wrote the letter in case something went wrong and we couldn’t meet.  She had extended the safe deposit box period.  If I wrote my current location, she would come find me. Oh, and finally: 
“[Crowl's Demon Breaker…]"
That was the end of the letter.  The final sentence was incomplete, perhaps torn off when the paper was crumpled.  
“She left out the most important part!”
I asked Erwen if she knew what was missing, but she said she didn't.  She said she didn’t really read that part, so she didn’t remember?
“My hammer…!”
My heart ached, wondering if something had happened while I was gone.  But I decided to avoid thinking negatively.  
It was a future I hadn’t observed yet.  Maybe Amelia had it. Even if she didn’t, I could just write a reply and figure out what was going on soon enough.
“Erwen…”
After burning the letter to maintain security, I called her. I was going to ask if she could put the reply in the safe deposit box, but...
"It’s okay.  It’s not your fault that you received a love letter. It’s just because you’re awesome. What are you gonna do?"
"What?"
"Ah, just in case, I disposed of the safe deposit box."
"What...?"
"Are you upset? That you can’t get in touch with that woman."
I should have been angry at her for doing that on her own. And I was a person who could get angry when the situation called for it.  
Yes, I definitely was.  But...
"That’s not...not possible!"
The denial spilled out of me, unbeknownst to myself.  It was an instinctive reaction.  Thinking back, I could say it was because I was worried about upsetting Erwen.  
"Heehee, of course it is."
Anyway, I had dinner with the food Erwen brought, and soon night had fallen.  The best time to maximize the power of the Dark Spirit.  As we did the night before, we hid our appearances with the Dark Spirit and headed to the house Erwen had acquired.  
"You… found this in a day?"
It was a single-family home with a high wall and a private yard.  
"I told you I’m rich."
Even so, it wasn’t easy to find such a mansion in a day.  She must have bought it at full price without even trying to bargain.
“She could probably buy a new Demon Breaker if she wanted to.”
Thinking that, I followed Erwen inside the mansion.
* * *
Bang.
The heavy iron door closed, the mansion’s lights illuminated the room, and I realized…
"..."
There were no windows.  
Or rather, all the windows were covered with thick planks of wood.  From the outside, it was so dark I thought it was just the curtains.  
"Erwen...?"
"Yes?"
"Why are the windows…."
"Ah, this? Well, it’s not good if someone looks in from the outside... and..." 
Erwen smiled slyly as she continued.
"Anyway, we’re not going outside anymore, right?"
Gulp.
***
"But… putting planks on them is a bit much, don’t you think?  If it’s about people’s gazes, there are curtains and the wall is super high..."
I tried to justify it, feeling something was off, but Erwen didn’t budge.
"No, you just don’t get it.  You don’t understand how good… no, how dangerous the situation is right now!"
"..."
"It’s not just about you. What if someone finds out I’m hiding you? What will happen to me?"
"...It wouldn’t be good."
It wasn’t just a matter of inconvenience.  It could mean losing everything I’d worked for.  
Did my reaction give her confidence?
"Right? This is why it’s a necessary measure! You’re a walking disaster. I have to manage you."
Erwen raised her voice.  But only for a short time.
"Oh, what to do… look at your shoulders slumping..."
When I hung my head listlessly, Erwen acted like she’d just witnessed a tragic scene.  She stomped her feet, then carefully offered a compromise.
"It’s hard, I know, but cheer up! I’ll let you go for walks in the garden at night.  Okay?"
"Really...?"
"Yes! But only if I’m with you."
"..."
And so, our secluded life began.  And as time passed…
「The character's soul resonates and is drawn to a specific world.」
It was midnight on the 15th.  
]]]