## The Soul Queen's Surrender
The Soul Queen finally raised the white flag. It seemed she had finally realized how foolish it was to try and gain an advantage over me. 
“Pfft, what a funny woman,” the Jester sneered. “She was so bold when she exposed the GM's identity, but now she’s cowering at the mention of her own secrets.”
The Queen didn't respond to the Jester's mockery and simply endured it. Considering the stature she had built in the short time she’d been at the Round Table, she looked somewhat pathetic. 
But…
‘I wouldn't want this to end so easily.’
Accepting her surrender here would be foolish. 
The Soul Queen seemed to be sensitive to hierarchy. This was the perfect chance to properly establish who held the power, who was above and who was below. Just like I had done to the Goblin in the cave that day when I was first summoned.
“I…,” I said, tapping my finger on the table once more.
“Why should I?”
The Soul Queen flinched at my short question and answered in a small voice.
“…If we stop here, we won’t be your enemies.”
She meant that they wouldn’t ban me from the community, and that they wouldn’t hold me accountable for exposing the GM's identity. This was an unusually roundabout expression for her. I chuckled coldly. 
After all, this was more like a proposition between equals, wasn’t it? 
“You still haven’t learned.” I said, tapping the table again, more forcefully this time. Unlike before, I didn’t try to hide my displeasure. 
“…Please, tell us what you want.”
The Soul Queen looked at me, her voice laced with desperation. 
Therefore…
“I want nothing from you.”
Since she didn’t seem to understand my words, I said it plainly. 
“And I am not afraid of you.”
At least, not outwardly. If I’d even been slightly concerned about antagonizing the administrators, would I have been so blatant? In their eyes, I must seem like a madman beyond control.
So…
“I’ll ask again.” I turned to the Soul Queen once more.
“Why should I?”
“That… that’s…,”
Of course, she couldn't answer. The others she had dealt with had all sought something from her. This was a completely different type, and her usually smooth tongue faltered. 
But…
“I…,”
She was a clever woman in many ways.
Threats wouldn't work, and I hadn’t even asked for compensation. I was simply continuing my punishment, as if this was all a game, an entertaining distraction. 
How could one convince such a person?
After a long moment of contemplation, she arrived at the answer.
She gave up trying to convince me. And…
“I… apologize…”
She begged for mercy. It was the last resort of the powerless, a way to appease the mighty when one had nothing else to offer.
“Forgive… me…”
“Looks like the dumb woman finally realized her place,” the Jester chuckled.
Ignoring the Jester’s mockery, the Soul Queen lowered herself, just as I had seen the Stag do earlier. 
She looked up at me, struggling to speak.
“I… will never… disrespect… you again, Sir Lion. Please, forgive me for my transgression today.”
I’ll admit, I was quite impressed. I never imagined she’d be so humble. Was the revelation of their identities really that shocking?
“…”
“…”
I looked around, noticing that the other members were staring at the Soul Queen and me in turn. They were curious to see if I’d accept her apology.
‘I think I’ve established the hierarchy…,'
I looked down at the Soul Queen and spoke.
“Much better.”
Yes, that was it.
***
“The Queen's nickname is Soul Queen, and I won't be revealing her real name.”
I placed my hand on the table, signifying the end of my turn, and received the green light. 
“Whew…,”
As soon as I finished, the members who had been watching the situation tensely exhaled in relief. The Soul Queen was no different.
“Thank… you…,”
It must have felt like she was stripping off her own skin with that apology. I didn’t bother to reply, and a rather awkward silence filled the room.
It was the Stag who broke the tension. 
“…What about the meeting? Will we continue?”
My turn ended the second round. Sometimes meetings went on for four or five rounds, but this was enough. 
What decision would they make now?
“I… I’m leaving…,”
The Soul Queen, who had been so bold before and subsequently humbled, said that while looking at me. I got the feeling that if I told her to stay, she’d obediently comply. 
But…
Would it matter if she stayed?
“Then, I’m leaving as well…,”
The Goblin, who had received two red lights in this round, declared his withdrawal, and the meeting naturally drifted towards an end. 
‘Pfft, so it ends already…,'
It was a bit disappointing that the Round Table meeting, which resumed after 2 years and 6 months, ended in just two rounds, but it was inevitable.
‘Still, since I showed up today, I’ll bring something more interesting next month.’
“…Pfft, then everyone should prepare a bit harder for next month, alright? Of course, that’s assuming the Lion returns!”
The Jester said this to the other members, but his eyes kept darting towards me. 
It was quite a cute gesture. 
He must have really wanted to know if I would return next month. 
Swish. 
I didn’t want to seem like I was doing him a favor, so I didn’t reply to his question and simply left the Round Table.
Then…
“Whew…,”
As soon as I returned to my room, I took a deep breath and lay on the bed. 
I was incredibly tired, probably from all the aggression I’d channeled earlier.
‘I’ll probably sleep like the dead until tomorrow evening.’
Of course, that was for my future self.  My present self had plenty to do before I could rest. 
First, I needed to organize the information I’d gathered. 
‘After today’s show, nobody will believe I’m Bjorn Jandel right away…,'
I replayed the events of the Round Table in my mind. The comeback was successful, but not flawless. After all, I couldn’t hide forever. 
‘As soon as my survival is confirmed, everyone will start doubting again.’
I had plenty of tools to counter this, though. I’d gathered quite a few cards to play during my trip to the past. 
‘I can think about that later…,'
The truly important matter was something else entirely. Or rather, it was something that almost made me lose my cool during the meeting.
[The original source was Misha Kalstain, wasn’t it? That woman?]
Misha Kalstain.
Why did she spread those rumors?
[It’s all the same, isn’t it? That woman is now one of Baekho’s companions.]
And how did she become Baekho’s companion?
No matter how much I racked my brain, the causal connection didn't make sense. 
But, if I had to guess…
[Baekho has the Stone of Resurrection.]
This must be the key. For example, Misha might have joined forces with Baekho to save me. 
‘…That’s wishful thinking, isn’t it?’
Damn, I wish I’d been sent back even a year earlier. 
The 2 years and 6 months of absence felt heavier than ever, making me feel suffocated.
But what could I do? This is where I am.
‘If Misha’s goal was to save me, then… what is Baekho’s goal?’
I’m not sure. I don’t have enough information. We were both Korean, but in truth, I barely had time to talk with Baekho. And we never had a real, honest conversation.
‘…I’ll think about this again after I learn more about Baekho.’
I closed my eyes and continued to organize.
GM, Auril Gavice, Amelia, and the kingdoms of Noark and the Royal Family, etc. I had a mountain of things to think about.
“…”
After brainstorming and letting my thoughts flow freely for a long time, I sat down at my computer and spent my time reading the posts I hadn’t been able to look at earlier. 
How long had it been?
‘I thought GM or Soul Queen would send a message or something, but there’s nothing.’
I clicked the cursor without hesitation. There was nothing more to be gleaned by scrutinizing the posts, and the community would be closing soon anyway. 
Click.
I clicked the log-out button, and my vision flashed before darkness enveloped me.
My bedroom, where all the windows were boarded up so that not a single ray of moonlight could reach inside. 
“Hehe, you’re awake…,”
Erwen was looking down at me.
***
Erwen Fornaci di Tersia.
The current owner of the pure bloodline and the contractor of the Spirit King. 
She was given the ‘Shinmok Palace’, a treasure of the fairies, as a token of recognition and earned the title of ‘Blood Spirit Lady’ for her great contributions in the war. She was one of the Seven Stars.
And…
[Pfft, what kind of scheme is that crazy woman planning?]
[Whatever it is, it’s going to be a bloody affair.]
She was the only one among her comrades who was willing to sacrifice everything for my revenge.
[No matter what anyone says, you are Bjorn Jandel to me.]
She told me that it didn’t matter if I was a demon or not. 
I couldn't help but feel grateful and touched by her dedication.  
It was just… a bit excessive. 
So, why was she so obsessed with me? 
At first, I thought it was because of her obsession stat.
Goblin Archer, Steel Cliff Pursuer, Canivaro. 
All three essences Erwen had consumed had the ‘Obsession’ stat. 
I figured that her sister’s death, followed shortly by the death of another close person, might have been a catalyst. 
But…
“Sir… are you… awake? O, oh, the moon is so beautiful tonight…,”
That was Erwen from 2 years and 6 months ago.
Erwen, who received ample support from her clan, enough to make even noble children envious, had already replaced most of her essences. 
The problem was that the replacements weren’t exactly positive.
Ertes, the patrol guard from the Golem Island on the 6th floor.
Here, her defense stat was +45.
Kalvan, the wolf beast from the 4th-grade monster, a creature that didn’t attack during the day but would attack at night.
Here, her Impulsivity +30 and Distrust were +30.
Metcrow, a 4th-grade monster, had Greed +24, and her other two essences had Control -30, and Deficiency +40.
Each stat alone wasn't a sign of a major mental problem, but when combined like this, it was natural that it would affect her daily life. 
Realizing this, I had been careful not to provoke Erwen. I was convinced that if she lost her mind, things would spiral out of control. 
That was the case… so far. But…
“Oh, right! I bought you a necklace! With this, I’ll always know where you are, no matter when or where—”
I couldn’t put it off any longer. 
I didn’t like this at all.
Thud.
I roughly swatted away Erwen’s hand, which was caressing my body without hesitation. 
“………Huh?”
Erwen’s face was clearly filled with confusion. 
“S, sir… are you… angry? Why…?”
Erwen’s eyes fluttered, confused as she tried to find an external reason for my change.
“Come to think of it… there was… some wood missing from the living room.”
I had decided not to tear it off completely.
But would she misunderstand it?
“Amelia Rainweills, isn’t it? That woman? She was here? That’s why, sir…,”
Erwen started to weave a ridiculous fantasy and began to tremble. 
She was already radiating a murderous aura. 
To be honest, I felt chills running down my spine just looking at her.  
But…
“Amelia didn’t come.”
So, what’s the solution?
I couldn’t let fear and discomfort make me run. 
When I was wrongfully imprisoned in the guild's underground dungeon.
When I encountered the Dragon Slayer in the Labyrinth of Larkas.
When I fought Noark, the legendary Giant.
I always faced my fears head-on.  And that’s how I survived. 
Therefore…
“Why… why do you still call her by name?”
I answered without hesitation.
“Because she is my comrade.”
Erwen’s reaction came after a brief pause. 
“…That’s… that’s… I told you over and over again, I’m here now, you don’t need that kind of woman!”
Yes, she had said that. But…
“Why do you decide that?”
“T, that’s…,”
Erwen couldn’t find words. 
I didn't feel sorry for her. 
Having worn the Lion mask just a few hours ago, my words flowed naturally.
“You are being disrespectful.”
“…!,”
Erwen’s eyes widened. 
I roused my dormant muscles. 
After all, what could this unstable girl do next? 
“W, who are you.”
“Bjorn Jandel.”
“L, lie… you’re a demon…,”
Erwen’s body began to flicker with dark energy. It was the dark spirit that had become her specialty.
Thump, thump, thump, thump. 
My heart pounded as it sensed the danger.
I had prepared myself, but being face-to-face with her was incredibly overwhelming. 
But…
‘Who am I?’
The Barbarian warrior who had overcome countless hardships.
Bjorn, son of the Giant, Jandel.
The player who was the only one to clear the original difficulty.
The Lionheart, the absolute ruler of the Round Table.
Crack.
As soon as I recalled my identity, which I had momentarily forgotten, my chest swelled with courage. 
So, before my resolve faded…
“I, it’s not too late, tell me… You must have just made a mistake in your sleep—”
“Erwen Fornaci di Tersia.”
I spoke to her.
“You have a problem in your head right now.”
Yes, if there was a problem, the only solution was to fix it.
“Stop talking, and fight me.”
The way I do it best. 