## The Recluse (3)
Everyone has their own plans. 
There's no guarantee they'll succeed, though. Amelia was no different.
“…I had my eye on an organization," she said. "They disguised themselves as a charity to smuggle opium, then sold it for a high price in the shadows… My original plan was to rob them and use the cash."
"And?"
"Well… While I was tracking their base, the City Guard raided it."
There was nothing to say. 
It was Amelia, all right.
Still, it was a relief that she didn't try to rob a bank.
A smirk played on my lips as Amelia quickly apologized.
“…This was my mistake. I'll figure out a solution somehow."
What was she talking about?
I firmly stated, "It's okay. Why are you trying to handle this alone?"
If she hadn't extended the safekeeping period, we wouldn't have lost the Devil Breaker. And Amelia was half-responsible for that. 
She was out on a party hunt when it was stolen. 
Besides, it's a bit ironic to hold her accountable for this when she was the one who helped me get the money to buy the Bol-Herchan's essence.
"We're dealing with this together. Understand?"
“…Because we're teammates?"
Oh, she can say things like that, too.
"Yes, because we're teammates. When problems arise, we don't point fingers; we find a solution together."
“…I understand.”
With that settled, we discussed solutions. 
It was an impossible amount to raise in two months through conventional methods, but there was a way. 
My stock, purchased two years and six months ago, had skyrocketed.
"Borrowing money from that fairy…  Well, considering her wealth, it's definitely feasible. But is it okay?"
“Huh? Okay?  What do you mean?"
"She's one of your teammates too, right?"
"Ahem…." 
That hit a nerve, didn't it?
"Amelia, you've been alone for too long. You need to understand, teammates help each other out when things get tough, okay?"
"I see… That's your way of treating your teammates?"
I never said she was just taking, okay? 
She just has to pay it back with interest.
"Anyway, that's settled. Let's talk about something else."
"You're changing the subject because you're in a difficult situation."
“…What?"
"Aren't you? I remember you used to change the subject whenever you were in a tough spot."
Damn… 
She was right; I had no counterargument.
“…….”
Wait, was she always like this?
Why does she keep teasing me?
"Just tell me what you wanted to say, Yandel."
Her refusal to give me a chance to retort made it clear; she was definitely teasing me on purpose. 
It was just a hunch, but I let it go. 
A more important issue was at hand.
“Oh, it's nothing important. I was just thinking about how to introduce you to Erwen."
I’m not ready to see our team imploding.
***
Tap, tap, tap.
I was tapping the table rhythmically when Amelia sighed.
“Stop fidgeting; it's making me nervous.”
“…….”
"Is that fairy really so scary?"
"Who, me?  Erwen listens to everything I say."
I'm just a little nervous, that's all. 
I told Erwen that Amelia would be joining our team, but how long could I control my impulses?
I don't want to see Amelia snap again. 
Especially not her real body this time.
Tick, tock.
As time passed, I started to feel hungry.
Click.
I heard the front gate closing in the courtyard.
Erwen was back. 
Her hands would be full of tonight's dinner, probably for me.
Thump, thump.
The fairy’s light steps were getting closer, and then… 
Thud.
She stopped in front of the front door.
Something was off. 
The doorknob had rattled, but she wasn't opening the door. And why had her humming, which sounded so joyful just moments ago, stopped?
As those questions formed in my mind, I heard her murmur, "The door's open."
“…The scent of a woman.”
Her words made me jump up.
I had a feeling that my surprise party wouldn't go as planned if I just opened the door like this.
“…Erwen! You're back!” 
I hurried towards the front door to greet her, but she ignored me and scanned the house. 
She then fixed her gaze on Amelia.
"Amelia Rainwales."
“Long time no see, Blood Spirit. Is this your first time seeing me in the city?"
“…How did you get here?"
"I followed you from the bank. Your stealth skills have improved, but you don’t seem to use them in your daily life. You should be more vigilant. This house isn’t just for you anymore."
Erwen muttered in response to Amelia’s words, “…Should I kill her?”
"Erwen, uh…."
"I'm sorry. I was just thinking to myself."
"Oh, uh… Yes, I understand.  Anyway, please… sit down. We'll be living together now, so we can't keep this awkward tension."
"Alright.”
To my surprise, Erwen calmed down quickly and sat at the table as I requested. Then, in a calm voice, she spoke first.
“You’re going to be okay with this woman from now on?”
"Don't call her 'this woman.' Call her by her name."
"Alright then, I’ll use her last name. Rainwales, right?”
"Right. I’ll call you Tercia too."
"Yes."
Erwen’s one-word reply ended the conversation. 
It was my turn to step in.
“Erwen, like I said last time, Amelia will be moving with us.”
“What about her identity?”
“Don’t worry about that. I’ve prepared something suitable while Yandel was gone."
“…Why didn’t you tell me that he was alive sooner?"
"A foolish question. How could I trust you with that information?"
“What? We were together for half a year.”
“Hmm, I believe your time in the labyrinth with Yandel was shorter than that.”
Why does everyone keep having conversations without me?
"Alright, alright.  Let's all calm down."
I quickly rejoined the conversation.
“I don’t know exactly what happened between you two, but it all seems like a misunderstanding. Why don’t we clear the air here and now?"
As I spoke, I subtly gestured to Amelia with my eyes, urging her to loosen up and let things go. 
But…
“Well, I don’t really hold a grudge. You know, I lost both my legs on the 6th floor, couldn't swim, and spent three days clinging to a plank, but I survived in the end."
So, she had a good reason to be grumpy.
“…I wonder how you escaped the ship with that body."
"Erwen."
“…Don't worry. I don’t really have any big grudges. It’s just that I went through all that trouble to capture that Noirk explorer, and then he was taken right in front of me. Oh, and I almost lost my arm too when I followed him."
"But you didn't kill him."
"As if I could. You ran away as soon as our reinforcements arrived."
“Well… I achieved my objective. My wallet was hurting at the time, but I sold his equipment, which allowed me to buy this dagger.”
Okay, I’m giving up on this whole “harmonious teammate” thing. 
We don't have to get along, right?
I forced a smile and ended the conversation.
"Ha-ha, you guys really fight over nothing!  Come on, shake hands and make up."
Laughter is the best medicine.
***
After Erwen and Amelia shook hands with grimaces on their faces, I moved on to the next item on the agenda.
I went straight to the point, as any proper Barbarian warrior would. 
“Erwen, do you think you could lend me some money?"
“Why money…?”
I told her about the Devil Breaker without holding back. 
Erwen’s expression went stiff.
“So, you want her to make up for the money she spent on that essence using her own funds?”
“You could see it that way…?”
“…I’m sorry, but I don’t think I can do that.”
“…What?”
"Don't misunderstand. It's not because I don't want to."
If not that, then what?
I gave her a look that made it clear that I didn’t believe her. 
Erwen mumbled sheepishly, “I, I’m, I’m broke... Really.”
Ah, right…
Now that I think about it, she did say that she barely bought this house with the money she extorted from the Sub-Chief.
Still, I asked just in case. 
"What about borrowing the money against this house?"
It felt a bit sleazy even to me, but what could I do?
I needed to have a backup plan.
"…This, this house? It, It holds my memories…"
"If you pay it back on time, it’ll be fine.”
“Yandel, you really—"
“Don't lecture him. You’re the reason this happened. It’s shameless.”
“What…?”
“So, you got it, right? Don’t apologize, Daddy. The house… I can always get a new one…"
Her hand was shaking as she spoke, though. 
“…I’m sorry.”
“Stop saying that! It’s all for you, Daddy.”
Anyway, I decided to reclaim the Devil Breaker by using the house as collateral. 
Next step, planning.
“Whatever we do, we need to secure funds first."
"Yes. You need new equipment if you want to go back to the labyrinth. And if we have money… we can keep this house…"
"Wait, the labyrinth? We need to clear your name… from being an ‘Evil One’… first."
Oh, that…
“I’m putting that on hold for a while, because I have a few suspicions.”
I mentioned my concerns and doubts. 
Amelia nodded in agreement. 
It seemed like she’d been harboring doubts too.
“Anyway, Amelia, I need you to find a suitable identity for me.”
"Finding an identity isn't difficult, but ultimately it’s like trying to cover the sky with your hands. Even though it's been over two years since you died, there are still many people who remember you."
What she meant was that my identity could be revealed easily if I simply wore a helmet.
This wasn't the time period twenty years ago, where I had no ties to the city.
If I just used [Gigantification], people would immediately think of Bjorn Yandel.
“Hmm, but if I’m careful, I can get away with it in the labyrinth…"
"It’s fine once or twice, but if it drags on for a long time, someone will recognize—"
“Wait, how about consuming an essence?”
Erwen interrupted. 
“An essence?”
"Like the one Ainar ate. There’s an essence that makes you shorter, right? If you just shrink your height and say you're human, no one will suspect a thing…"
Even as she spoke, Erwen was watching Amelia’s reaction. 
She seemed wary of any criticism.
But...
"Well, it's okay for a month or two, but if you’re planning on hiding your identity for a long time, this might be the safer option."
Contrary to my expectations, Amelia acknowledged Erwen’s idea and even praised her.
That was a bit unexpected.
"That’s a good solution."
“…Well, it’s about Daddy.”
Erwen’s answer was cold, and she turned her head sharply. 
It was a heartwarming scene, but I couldn't help but chime in.
“Umm…”
I’m sorry to say this abruptly, but…
“I can’t consume an essence.”
I’m not close to reaching level 7 yet.
And I don’t have any essences that need erasing. 
As I explained this, Amelia gave a wry smile.
"Manticore."
“……?”
"I remember you saying you’d erase it eventually."
…She wants my jump key?
]]]