## Chapter 350: Dark Continent (1)
The chance of [Random Retribution] activating was around 10%.  It wasn't affected by having [Transcendence]; the 1.5x damage increase only applied to reflected damage.  But still…
“The character has been hit by [Sura's Kick].”
My passive skill was finally activating.  It had been so long since I’d last been hit – almost 100 times, in fact – that I’d begun to wonder if I’d somehow been tricked into consuming a corrupted essence. 
“The character’s inherent luck mitigates the damage.”
As [Random Retribution] activated, a translucent barrier materialized around me, protecting me from the impact. 
“Powerful Luck.”
“Reflects 150% of received damage back to the attacker.”
The skeleton summoned next to me mimicked Amelia’s kick perfectly, landing a precise [Sura's Kick] on her.  Despite lacking vocal cords, it let out a resounding roar.
[Graachaat-!!]
Wait a second, wasn’t that the sound effect for a Critical Hit?  And wasn't Amelia going to be seriously hurt by this?  These thoughts raced through my mind, but it was already too late.
*Fwoom-*!
Amelia, caught off guard by the sudden skill activation, couldn't evade the blow, taking it squarely on her shoulder.
*Swoosh!*
The skeleton vanished in a burst of light after delivering a single, powerful strike.
“Ugh…”
“Are you alright?!”
I ran over to her in alarm, but Amelia pushed me away, removing her hand from her shoulder.
“…Don’t be a drama queen. It was just a little surprising.”
Surprising, you say? Her entire shoulder was shattered!
“Erwen, bring me splints and bandages.”
“Yes, sir…!”
Since Amelia’s [Fire Essence] made potions useless for her, I had to reset her shoulder by hand, applying splints and bandages.
“I told you to be careful when your abilities are active.”
“….”
“If you can’t dodge, at least try to hit back lightly.”
“… I was hitting lightly.”
Don't be ridiculous.  This was a Critical Hit, 100% of the original damage.
‘Ah… so it’s 150% because of [Transcendence].’
The basic reflected damage is only 10%, even with [Transcendence] factored in, it's only 15%. It's not particularly high in terms of skill value because the skeleton can be dodged and only attacks once before it’s summoned. 
“Anyway, Amelia, you need to rest.”
“Yes! I’ll help you from now on, though! I’m good at dodging. And blocking, too!”
“…Alright.”
As soon as Erwen summoned a spirit, Amelia went to sit on the sofa, looking dejected.  And then…
“The character has been hit by Fire damage.”
“The character has been hit by Fire damage.”
“The character has been hit by Fire d—.”
“—.”
It took 10 tries this time before the skill activated.
“The character’s inherent luck mitigates the damage.”
“Normal Luck.”
“Reflects 15% of received damage back to the attacker.”
Another small, cute skeleton was summoned, shooting fireballs next to me.  Since it wasn’t a Critical Hit, there wasn’t the usual sound effect. 
But…
*Fwom-*!
Erwen managed to dodge the fireball, but it collided with the wall, sending sparks flying everywhere.
And then…
“Oh, it’s fire.”
“E, Erwen! Water spirit!!”
“Yes, sir!!”
That day, we almost lost the house we’d used as collateral for our loan.
***
After nearly setting the house on fire, we spent the night in the courtyard testing our skills.  We gathered some meaningful data.
‘At least the chances seem to be accurate…'
While the first instance of the skill activating required 100 tries, it activated on average around 15 times afterwards.  The problem is that statistics are just statistics.  Sometimes it worked perfectly, but other times it refused to activate, forcing me to take a beating for ages before finally triggering.  I think the record was 198 tries?
‘Does this even make sense…?’
Even with a 1% chance, it felt like an insane number.  And even when I stacked up the hits, it didn’t guarantee a Critical Hit. 
‘Though, I feel like it’s slightly more likely to activate now.’
In any case, after testing our passive and active skills, the three of us spent every day planning our next exploration.  Our first priority was money.  After all, we’d taken out a 6-month short-term loan to cover our budget. The interest rate was high, and if we didn’t pay it back on time, we’d lose the house to the bank.
Perhaps that was why…
“Sir, I’m fine… you don’t have to push yourself so hard…”
Erwen seemed to have given up on getting the house back ever since we’d used it as collateral.  She probably didn’t think we could raise the whole amount in six months. 
But…
“I told you, I’d try my best.” 
I had a conscience.  As long as Erwen liked the house, I had to do everything I could to keep it.
“But to make that much money in such a short time… I think the only option is war.”
“Rainweales is right. None of us own a ship, which means we can’t reach the 6th floor, and we’ll be stuck on the 5th floor at most.”
“Don't worry about that.  I think joining the war is the best option for me too.  It might be a little risky, but as long as I don’t use [Giant], no one will recognize me based on my current appearance.”
Without further discussion, we decided to join the war. After all, if we joined the Royal Army, we could take a large ship and go straight to the 7th floor.
‘The three of us should be able to handle 7th floor monsters.’
We’re all stronger in one-on-one battles, so we can make a big contribution to the war and earn a lot of bounty money.  
Wait, bounty money is the problem?
The enemy will all be adventurers from the middle floors and above, so if we strip them of their gear and sell it, we’ll make a fortune.  Not only that…
‘If we’re lucky, we might even be able to kill a 7th floor monster and hit level 7.’
It would be easier to level up than before, where we needed to clear more than 60% of the 6th floor to gain enough experience.  And then…
‘Level 7 means we can eat the Abyssal Essence.’
After that, we can see how things go, erase the Gachapon Essence, and move on to defeating Bellarios.
‘Level 8, then we can erase Stormgush.  Level 9, we can get an Essence by grinding with the Floor Guardians.’
As I organized my future training plans, I felt a strange mix of emotions.  This was definitely the end of the midgame.  We’ve come so far.
I lost myself in my thoughts for a moment, but then Amelia asked Erwen,
“But Tersia, are you really alright?  I thought you were with the Executive Branch of the Fairy clan.”
“Oh, right… you’re right. Are you sure it’s okay?”
“It’s fine. I took a vacation recently.”
“A vacation?”
“Yes. I’m not going to enter the dungeon for a while, and even if I do, I’ll go solo. So don’t worry about it.”
“…Alright, if you say so.”
From that day onwards, Erwen and Amelia told me everything about the war so far, and we planned our next steps together.  And then, time passed…
“Entering the Crystal Cave on the 1st floor.”
The day of our dungeon entry arrived.
***
The crystal cave shimmered with a purple glow. As soon as we entered, Amelia took the lead and started searching for the path.
“Alright, follow me.”
“Wait, I’m better at finding the way—”
“Amelia is the Guide.”
“…That girl?”
Erwen had been trained by her older sister, a professional Pathfinder, but she didn’t argue further when Amelia was called a Guide.  She seemed a little deflated, though.  Honestly, I didn’t understand.  I also have a navigation function, but it doesn’t bother me if I can’t use it.
‘It’s just easier to follow. Why would she care?’
Still, it was a little interesting.  We’re a team of three, and all three of us have the ability to find paths.  Is this what they call elite?
*Thud-thud-thud*
Anyway, I just had to follow, so I ran, keeping an eye out for interesting things.  The atmosphere of the dungeon was much different from what I’d expected.  I thought we’d see more nobles with seals on their chests and adventurers from clans, but…
“There are a lot more low-level adventurers than I thought.”
I saw a bunch of adventurers who were still so new, it was almost like they were oozing with newbie energy.  Most of them looked cheerful.  They were tense because they were in the dungeon, but none of them were trembling or scared.
“Oh, that? The Royal family has been implementing many policies for low-level adventurers.  It seems that… a lot of high-level adventurers died that day…”
After asking a few questions, I understood why there were so many people on the 1st floor compared to when I was a newbie.  It wasn’t just the Royal family’s policies; many of the big clans had dissolved.  After a complete turnover, it became a land of opportunity, where you just had to stick your flag down and claim it.  
The 5th floor was a prime example.
“No one’s controlling the 5th floor…?”
“There are some, but not as many as before.”
With the Great Demons, it was common for clans to occupy and control the fields where monsters spawned.  But these days, that’s rarely the case.  Perhaps it’s better to join the war instead?  After all, the recruitment fees are generous, and you get to pick your reward Essence if you make a contribution to the war. That seems to have made this trend even more pronounced.
“We’re a little late.”
We arrived very early, but unfortunately, the 1st floor portal was already open.  Another group had beaten us to it.  So was this another failed time attack?
“Entering the Beast’s Lair on the 2nd floor.”
Since we’d failed on the 1st floor, we wouldn’t be able to make it on the 2nd floor either.  So after arriving on the 2nd floor, we slowed down a bit and relaxed.  We still had plenty of time.
‘The deadline was the 25th, wasn’t it?’
The Royal family's recruitment process is very simple: reach the Isle of Beginnings, Lymea, by the 25th.  It’s a tight schedule for a team just starting out on the 6th floor, but it’s a different story for us.  The three of us can clear up to the 6th floor without breaking a sweat. 
‘No mage means no slowdown.’
If it were anyone else, we’d have stopped to rest by now.  But no one suggested stopping.  And as a result…
‘We’re already on the 3rd floor…?’
We reached the 3rd floor by the end of the first day.  We didn’t even run as much on the 2nd floor as we did on the 1st.
“Sir, you must be tired. Have some of this.”
These two had so much energy left, even after all this running, it felt like they could go even faster if they wanted to.  Well, of course, they’re not Mages.
“Erwen, I told you not to call me ‘sir’ in the dungeon.”
“Oh, right. I’ll be careful…”
Erwen blushed and nodded as she listened to my correction.  We started setting up camp.  There was no need for night watchmen, since we were just at the beginning of the 3rd floor. 
“I can just set up a clone.  So sleep soundly.”
Amelia’s [Self-Duplication] was a godsend, meaning we didn’t have to waste a person on night watch.
“Wow, Amelia, you make things so much easier.”
“Don’t be silly. It’s nothing.”
Tsk, she’s so cold.  Even if it's just a clone, she's still doing the hard work, so it was a genuine expression of gratitude.
“Yes, it's nothing.”
“Huh?”
“Well, I can do something similar, too…?”
As soon as Erwen said that, she summoned a spirit.  Apparently, it wasn’t that hard to summon a spirit while sleeping, unlike before, and the spirit power consumption wasn’t that bad.
“And if you use a Dark spirit, you can make it harder for monsters or other people to see us. What do you think?  Isn’t it much better?  Right?  Right?”
“Y, yeah… you’re better.”
I wanted to avoid comparing myself to my teammates, but I nodded involuntarily under the strange pressure.  Was that the answer she was hoping for?
“So… I’d like you to say that too.”
“…Huh?  Say what?”
“That, what you said to that girl earlier…”
Erwen twisted her body.
“That I make things easier… y, yeah… that I’m the best… that no one else compares…”
But I never said that!
]]]