## Chapter 357: Isolation (4)
Orculis, the most notorious criminal organization. And within it, a quartet of infamous individuals. This situation felt peculiar, a stark contrast to the past. The change was palpable.
“Shuiz, what should we do?”
Do? What else? In the Goblin Forest battle on the second floor, there were only three of them. To take them down, a thousand adventurers had to fight and die. But…
“We fight. At least until the spell is complete.”
It wasn't as hopeless as before. No, I felt confident we could manage, especially with our current team. And…
“Is that so? Alright.”
Amelia’s response indicated she wasn't the only one who felt this way.  Erwen seemed to have no desire to escape.
“….Abet, Necrapeto.”
The moment the Corpse Collector appeared in the distance, a murderous aura emanated from Erwen. I considered warning her, but…
‘It’s probably better not to.’
It was better than having her scared. And, seeing as she wasn't immediately attacking or rushing towards him, she didn't seem completely irrational.
“What are you doing? Your spell casting has stopped!”
To tell the dazed Raven to continue casting the multi-teleportation spell, she must still remember my instructions to prioritize survival... 
Somehow, I found myself impressed.
“Ah… Oh, right.”
After mentioning my back, Raven finally snapped out of it and continued her task. She must have decided that this wasn't the time to question me.
‘Well, of course she figured it out.’
I was worried about what unforeseen variables this might cause, but a part of me couldn’t help but wonder. The Corpse Collector had addressed me, hadn't he? 
He’d called me “fake.”
“Pissit, the fairy here is staring too hard, you know. I’m uncomfortable, no matter how much I try to ignore it.”
“.....”
“Hmm, this is a surprise! I heard your clan took out a large loan… I can't believe you used it to make a fake like this!”
The guy didn't even connect the [Gigantification] to me being Bjorn Jandel. 
Well, he did believe I was dead, so it made more sense that I was a fake. Erwen's madness was notorious, after all.  
‘Raven, I hope you also think this way…’
Ah, I don’t know. If she figured it out, she figured it out.
Would she betray the royal family, ratting me out despite the fact that I just saved her life? 
I decided to stop dwelling on this issue. The enemy wouldn't give us any more time.
“Necrapeto oppa, that woman is casting a spell. It looks like a multi-teleportation.”
The opponent's dark mage had noticed our insurance policy.
“Pissit, then we should hurry up. Blood and bone, and the dance of screams—”
“Ah, will you stop with that voice already? You suddenly started doing this weird thing a while back, always putting on a mask before going on expeditions…”
“Umm… Vivian, there are other people around. You shouldn't do that…”
“That’s exactly why you shouldn’t do it! Geez, this person is perfectly fine inside but…”
“….It’s a hobby. A hobby.”
The Shrieking Witch reprimanded him, creating a brief delay, but it wouldn't last.
“Both of you, quit it and work.”
The air grew heavy as the hulking robed figure, the Lighthouse Keeper, cut them off.
Hah, is this the end of free teleport charges? 
“How much longer until you can cast teleportation?”
“…It will take about ten minutes. When the spell was disrupted, my mana dispersed.”
“What about casting other spells while chanting?”
“It’s possible. It’s a bit of a stretch for higher-level spells, but I can lend a hand if needed.”
Okay, that's one less thing to worry about.
“Focus on casting the spell for now, and support us when the situation calls for it.”
“Yes, I underst— No, wait. Why are you giving orders?”
Geez, what’s with the sudden question?
“What a ridiculous question. Does it really matter now?”
I quickly changed the subject and continued my orders.
“Erwen, Amelia. You two focus on defense for now. We need to finish the spell first.”
“Yes.”
Surprisingly, Erwen agreed without hesitation, and Amelia asked a question.
“…Wouldn’t it be better to give up on the spell and join forces to fight them?”
It's not entirely wrong. But…
“You never know when another enemy might come, besides those four.”
We can't ignore the possibility of reinforcements.
Also, I didn't want to fight them here.
We had a good chance, but it would be a tough fight.
There was a high chance someone would get injured or killed in the process.
“…I see. Alright, your way then.”
Satisfied with my explanation, Amelia didn't ask any more questions. Or rather, she no longer had time.
[Grrrrrrrrrrr!]
The Corpse Legion, which had surrounded us, charged at the same time, starting the battle.
***
The basic situation is simple.
The Corpse Legion is coming from all sides, and we are defending.
The problem is…
[Grrrrrrrrrrr!]
The corpses, which used to explode with a single hit, have become far more threatening.
「Liranne Vivian has cast the 5th grade Dark Magic [Wrath of the Dead].」
「Liranne Vivian has cast the 4th grade Dark Magic [Dark Baptism].」
Dark Mage and Necromancer.
I used to use this combination frequently.
Dark Magic has a ton of buffs that are highly effective against undead.
They synergize well, I guess.
「Liranne Vivian has cast the 4th grade Dark Magic [Light of the Underworld].」
Hah, of course she'd use this too.
You can't have this combination without this spell.
Hooooong-!
The moment the black flame appeared in the sky, the corpses we had been smashing up until now were resurrected.
And in this situation...
「Liranne Vivian has summoned [The Queen of Pain, Erimianne].」
The spirit with thorns all over it flies around in the air, screaming.
This was the signature summon of Liranne Vivian, the dark mage, who earned the nickname Shrieking Witch.
So, the effect is...
「Character’s Pain Resistance stat has decreased by -200.」
Pain amplification.
And…
「If the target hears the scream and takes damage, the summoner’s dark mana recovers by a certain amount.」
Mana recovery, the most important resource for a mage.
‘Well, we just need to be careful and not get hurt.’
Even though it’s a tough summon, it’s not that hard to deal with in a small group like us.
But…
「Liranne Vivian has cast the 3rd grade Dark Magic [Voodoo Doll].」
「The hit rate of curse-type spells targeting the character increases to 100% and the power increases significantly.」
The Shrieking Witch, who had finished her basic preparations, from buffing the Corpse Legion to summoning her signature summon, started using spells in earnest.
「[Advanced Corruption] is ongoing.」
「The rate of injury recovery decreases significantly.」
「[Powerlessness] is ongoing.」
「Strength stat decreases significantly.」
「[Invisible Threat] is ongoing.」
「The probability of not detecting enemy attacks increases…」
Why is she only cursing me?
I’m starting to have PTSD from Elisa, who used to be Karui’s priestess.
But what can I do?
I have to try my best.
Even if it’s with the name of evil instead of the ancestor gods.
“Uwaaaaaaaaaaagh!”
I raise my hammer and roar.
That’s all a warrior can do in a situation like this.
Kwak-!
I allocate all my actions to protecting my allies, and leave long-range attacks to Erwen.
Fortunately, she’s delivering above and beyond.
「Erwen Fornach Di Tercia has cast [Elemental Synthesis].」
A long-range sniper shot, with power concentrated into a single shot.
「Erwen Fornach Di Tercia has cast [High-Speed Rapid Fire].」
A rain of arrows from the sky.
And…
「Erwen Fornach Di Tercia has summoned [The Dark Spirit King, Dicloe].」
And even the Dark Spirit King, the summon that gave her the nickname Blood Spirit Empress.
Kwakwakwakwakwang-!
The spirit king was only summoned for about five seconds, but in that short time, half of the huge Corpse Legion was wiped out.
Yes, literally wiped out.
Even with the [Light of the Underworld], bringing back corpses that disappeared without a trace was impossible.
“Ah, no! How did I collect all this…!”
The Corpse Collector was even praising her amazing power.
However, Erwen's spirit power had bottomed out after summoning the Spirit King. 
While she can still use various skills that use her soul power, she can no longer use spirits from now on.
“…You did a good job.”
“No… It’s alright.”
It’s like her secret weapon is gone, but the situation isn't so bad.
We have a lot more breathing room now that the Corpse Legion has been thinned out.
Sadly, it didn't last long.
“Shuiz, he’s coming.”
“I'll take him. You guys fall back.”
The Blood Knight, who had been staying in the back since the battle started, returned to the battlefield after being healed by the Lighthouse Keeper.
‘So they said he was a support ability user, but he has healing skills too.’
I felt a tinge of regret. 
Just a while ago, I lost my left arm completely to Erwen’s [Rupture]. 
It’s only been a few minutes, and it's already healed?
Those injuries are usually so severe that even with high-grade potions, you’ll have lasting effects and can't use your arm for a long time—
Sergak-!
What?
“Kkeuk.”
He was going for the armor seam again, so I tried to block him and counterattack, but my body froze.
It was understandable that I was feeling great pain even from minor injuries, with my pain resistance down by 200…
“Now, I slash.”
This time, the wound is deeper than before.
But the bleeding is relatively minimal, and it smells like smoke.
What could be the cause of that?
The answer wasn’t hard to find.
‘It's not aura.’
The guy's sword was still covered in red energy, but it was different from the aura he had before.
The scorching heat was hot enough to fill the air.
‘Hah, did he enchant his sword with fire?’
It was probably the Lighthouse Keeper's doing.
He used the information that I was fine with aura, but got completely wrecked by magic, to turn the Blood Knight's normal attacks into magic damage.
‘Damn, what a smart bastard.’
Even though it was fire damage, it was still a sword, and it was a “slashing” attack, so it wasn't too hard to endure.
It’s just a little bit harder than before.
‘I can definitely hold on.’
As expected, it turned into a struggle of strength from there. 
There weren't any moments where I felt my back was against the wall, but ultimately, neither of us scored any significant points and time passed.
And…
“Kk, finished!”
Finally, Raven had completed the multi-teleportation spell.
It meant we could escape from this battle, if we wanted to.
Okay, then our insurance is secured.
“Don’t use it, wait.”
“Huh?”
‘Huh? Seriously?’
We’ve been getting beat up for a while.  If we leave now, we’ll never get a good night’s sleep.
We can leave, but we have to take at least one of them with us.
‘Who should it be?’
The first target was decided without much thought.
“Oppa! Their spell is finished!”
The dark mage is on a broom, so she's out.
“Vivian! Do something! If we let them go, I’ll be at a huge loss!”
The Corpse Collector is too agile and has an invincibility skill, so he’s hard to catch.
Hwiik-!
The Blood Knight is just as much of a pain in the ass, swinging his sword right in front of us.
How am I supposed to take him down alone when we were four against one and he still slipped away like an eel?
It's hard unless it’s a one-on-one fight in a closed room.
Therefore...
“….See you again, someday.”
Seeing the Blood Knight, who seemed to be taking our escape as a given, I smirked.
Who said we were just going to leave?
‘Yeah, I guess he’s the best option.’
The Lighthouse Keeper, his name is unknown. 
The only characteristic known is that he’s one of the few support ability users in Noahrk.
And…
‘Support ability users usually wear expensive accessories.’
He had ten rings on each finger, all of them packed tightly. 