## Chapter 358: Isolation (5)
He was around six foot three. A Noir Ark Enegist, a Lighthouse keeper, whose physique was more suited for a warrior than a Blood Knight. I licked my lips as I looked at him. 
“Well, at least I have [Leap].” // wrong
The distance between us was approximately 430 feet.  Two skill casts and I could close it.
Except…
“Well, what’s done is done.”
I forced myself to put the disappointment behind me. What good was dwelling on something lost?
Without a movement skill, I had no choice but to move on my own two feet.  And that, ironically, would suit the Barbarian spirit even more.
“Erwin, Emily, you two stay here and guard the area.”
“…What about you?”
“I’ll be back soon.”
“Back soon? Where—?”
Where else could I be going?
“Character used [Wild Surge].”
I charged forward, letting out a roar.
“WOOOOOAH!”
It definitely lacked the flavor of a primal cry.  My ancestors weren’t the type to scream, but there was nothing I could do.  
I wasn’t sure if Raven had noticed me yet.  There was a chance, like with the Corpse Collector, I could have reinforced her previous misconceptions. 
Thud.
My departure from the formation, a break from the purely defensive role I had been playing, immediately triggered a reaction.  It began with the Blood Knight. 
“…!”
He had been keeping his distance to avoid being caught within the Teleportation range, but now, he dashed toward me.
But…
Crack-!
Not a chance.
A flaming sword replacing his aura was no match for my shield.
Thud.
Ignoring the Blood Knight, I charged forward again.  
Naturally, I couldn't outrun him with my agility stat, leaving me exposed from behind.
Swoosh-!
But I didn't always have to rely on a shield.  
I could simply absorb the blow with my body.  A deep cut was all I'd receive; nothing like a severed limb.
It was just that my lowered pain resistance made it incredibly painful.
“Ugh, feels like he coated his blade in salt.”
I winced, grimacing from the searing pain, but didn't stop. 
If I had let pain get in the way, I wouldn’t have made it this far.
Thud.
I planted my foot on the ground, pressing forward like a salmon swimming upstream. 
And in that moment.
“Th, this…!”
The Blood Knight, apparently impressed by my relentless charge, began to speak.
“Stop, ra—!”
It was a bit underwhelming compared to the praise I'd received in the past, but the panic in his voice was satisfying. 
He'd never experienced this before. 
One aura, and he could have sliced through any tank or anything.
Swoosh-!
He swung at me again, but it didn’t change anything.
It didn’t matter if I was cut.  I continued forward, a runaway train, a force of nature.
And…
“…!”
There was nothing he could do to stop me.
Thud.
It was time for him to experience it firsthand.
Swoosh-!
A tank, a frontliner, was a force of nature. 
Dealers were rendered powerless in their presence.
Whistling.
Support fire came from behind.
An arrow, from Erwin.
And…
Thwack.
It struck his arm.  He had been dodging them perfectly when we were on the defensive.  Had he been so eager to take me down?
I didn’t know the details. 
But his mistake was a fatal one.
“…!”
As his face contorted in agony, it was clear to see.
An arrow in the arm might not be much.
But the follow-up blow would be.
“Erwin Fornach Di Tercia used [Rupture].”
The very skill that had once shattered Amelia’s clone.
Crack-!
As the skill activated, the Blood Knight’s arm disintegrated, the bone shards raining down like hail.
Okay, now that annoying mosquito was gone.
Thud.
I continued my sprint, leaving the Blood Knight behind, his arm in a million pieces, reeling from the shock.
But another obstacle quickly materialized. 
“Whoa, that guy’s like an ogre!”
The dark mage, Rilann Bivvian, laughed as she cast a spell from her perch high above, dozens of meters in the air, calmly watching my advance.
“Rilann Bivvian used the 4th-grade dark magic [Descent of Fire].”
It began with a rain of black flames, cascading down like a downpour.  
But like most area-of-effect spells, the damage was limited to a single target.
I raised my shield above me, like an umbrella, as I planted my foot on the ground.
It would damage my shield a bit, but…
‘Nothing new.’
When had my shield ever been undamaged after a tough fight?  
Repair costs would be covered by spoils. 
Thud.
I launched myself into the air once again.
Did she realize she needed to change tactics?
“Rilann Bivvian used the 4th-grade dark magic [Stone of Agony].”
The flames ceased, replaced by a thick black fog that billowed out, engulfing me from all sides.
‘The effect looks like it… ’
If my intuition was right, this skill could not be dodged, and the only defense was magic resistance.
In other words…
‘She can’t dodge it either.’
The moment the fog wrapped around me, I muttered the command.
“Character used [Risk].”
This was an active skill from a new gacha item I’d acquired.
It was simple.
While active, the damage I took would be doubled, but the damage I reflected with [Chance Repercussion] would also be doubled.
But…
“This skill’s inherent abilities are unlocked due to the Transcendent’s power.”
Combined with [Transcendent], it had an interesting effect. 
“The damage immunity from [Chance Repercussion] is removed, but the activation rate becomes 100%.”
Guaranteed gacha.
Whistling.
As the skill activated, the black fog clung to my skin, hardening like ceramic.
The effect of [Stone of Agony].
Temporary movement restriction.
And…
Puff-!
An unavoidable attack.
“WOOOOOAH!”
This was seriously painful.
Crack-!
I gritted my teeth, enduring the pain for two seconds.  The hardened fog shattered like porcelain, raining down to the ground. 
The surface was covered with sharp thorns.  
Ugh, this was like a medieval torture device.
But at least I wasn’t the only one suffering?
“Ordinary luck.”
[Chance Repercussion] activated as the attack landed.
Clank, clank.
A skeleton, its bones creaking, rose from the ground next to me. 
It wasn’t a critical success—there was no sound of bone breaking—but…
“Reflects 30% of the damage received to the enemy.”
Not 15% but 30%.
And since my damage taken was doubled, I was dealing four times the damage I would have with a normal reflection.
It felt unfair, but…
“Oh, really?!”
She was a mage, a being with the fragility of paper.  
This was a fair trade-off.
“Th, this…!”
As the skeleton reached out with its skeletal hand, the black fog enveloped Bivvian’s body.
And…
Puff-!
A chilling sound echoed across the battlefield.
“Aaaaaaaah!”
What a voice! 
Was that why she was called the Screaming Witch?
Thud.
My body, covered in large and small holes, continued to move. 
The damage was doubled, but it wasn’t as deep as I expected, likely because it was a magic attack with guaranteed damage.
It was still agonizing.
‘Looks like she’s not dead either.’
Bivvian, screaming as she fell from the sky, managed to regain her senses and used a levitation spell to prevent herself from falling.
‘It doesn’t look like she’s that badly hurt either… ’
Ugh, a 30% hit should have one-shotted a mage.
‘Did she manage to activate a mana shield at the last second?’
It was a pity, but…
“Grrrr… ”
The objective had been accomplished.
She was still writhing in pain, so for now, she’d have neither the strength nor the will to cast spells at me.
I had just taken down the dark mage and was quickly closing the distance to the rear lines when…
“Grrrrrr-!”
The Corpse Collector, summoning more corpses from his subspace, blocked my path.
Seven of them. 
Were they meant to hold me back, or were these tanks to shame even the largest monsters?  
These were huge.
“If I had [Leap], this would be easy.”
My eyes widened, the thought crossing my mind once again.  
But it was no big deal.
Was I merely a tank? 
A wall blocking the path?
No need to go around.
“Character used [Swing].”
Just destroy the wall.
“Attack range increases by 300%.”
I swung my hammer, which had extended like a Ruyi jingu bang, right at the top of the seven-meter-tall corpse giant. 
It may have been a tanking undead, but it wouldn’t matter. 
After all, the multiplier for [Swing] was strength stat.
And with the Devil Crusher effect, its power was increased fivefold.
And since it was a downward strike, it had a 50% penetration bonus.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
How could a mere summon withstand this?
Pssshhh!
The Corpse Giant, reduced to rotten meat by a single hammer blow, erupted in a massive geyser of blood.
Ugh, this one’s poison is rough.
“Character has been poisoned (severe).”
“Poison resistance is above 100.”
“Poison level downgraded to ‘low’ grade.”
The poison seeped into my skin, coursing through my body, sending waves of agony.
But it wasn’t enough to stop me.  
Not with my target in sight.
‘Finally here.’
I dashed past the slain Corpse Giant and looked ahead.
My target was about 100 feet away.  
But…
‘What’s with this guy?  Why’s he so far forward?’
Did he come here just to summon these corpse giants?
The Corpse Collector was about 16 feet ahead, clearly startled.  
I couldn't just walk past him.
“Character used [Swing].”
“Attack range increases by 300%.”
I swung my hammer at him without a second thought.
He chose to defend rather than dodge, using the very skill I had seen him use before. 
“Avet Necrapeto used [Bone Armor].”
Hmm, in the past, it took several hammer strikes to break it.  
I wonder what it’s like this time?
The answer came quickly. 
Crack-!
The shell that surrounded him shattered with a single blow, revealing his flesh beneath.
And…
“Avet Necrapeto used [Momentary Immortality].”
His body was instantly engulfed in flames, transforming into bone.
A top-tier invincibility skill.  It utilized a 3rd-grade essence to convert his mental and energy stats into physical stats, granting him damage immunity for one minute.
‘Wow, I didn’t know he could use his ultimate in one shot.’
Since he was now invincible, there was no point in wasting any more effort.  I grabbed his arm and threw him far away.
And…
Thud-!
I leaped high into the air, as if using [Leap].
He had planted stakes around him, which were firing off various energies like defense turrets in a defense game.
A 4th-grade conversion skill, [Sublime Idol].
The Lighthouse Keeper’s core skill.  It worked like this: by planting a totem on the ground, one could convert their existing abilities. For example, a single buff or curse could be transformed into an area-of-effect aura.
‘He must have been desperate.’
He must have disabled the support aura modes like [Haste] or [Soul Regeneration] in a hurry, switching to attack mode.
“…He’s a monster.”
Even after enduring so much punishment, he didn’t run.
But it would be more dangerous for him to leave the totem range.
He yelled out in desperation, as if he had given up.
“…Come!”
What’s he saying?  I have no intention of going in there.
“Character used [Eye of the Storm].”
“This skill’s inherent abilities are unlocked due to the Transcendent’s power.”
He was now within range, so I decided to go for the grab.
Whistling!
A gust of wind rushed toward me.
And…
“Ack, AAAAAAAAAH!”
He was caught in the wind, hurtling towards me.
He was all aloof when he spoke, but when it came down to it, he screamed like anyone else.
Clunk.
I caught him by the throat, mid-air, with the hand that held my shield.  He struggled, but the slightest tightening of my grip was enough to subdue him.
He should have done this sooner.
Woosh.
I landed and looked down at him, speaking in a low voice.
“Your rings.”
“…?”
“I hope they’re expensive.”
This was a real pain in the ass.
***
Crack-!
I slammed my forehead against his face, keeping my grip on his throat.
It wasn’t a good angle for a hammer blow, and I’d noticed he was wearing a necklace as well.
A hammer would crush everything.
“…!”
I prepared for another headbutt when his body went limp.
Was he dead? Or unconscious?
I hoped it was the former, so I slammed my head into his face a couple more times.
Crack! Crack-!
Ugh, this is so gross. How can human eyes…
‘…Well, that’s enough for him. Now what?’
The first objective had been accomplished, so it was time to think again. 
‘I’ve got the Lighthouse Keeper, so if I can handle those three, I think I can take down the rest… ’
Should I go back and teleport?
Or should I keep fighting and take them all down?
But I didn’t have much time to contemplate.
Woosh, Woosh-!
The Corpse Giant was still closing the distance between us.
‘Alright, I need to get out of here.’
I’d been repeatedly stabbed, hit with spells, and poisoned on my way here.
I could overcome all that with mental strength.
But…
‘My MP is so low.’
I’d been constantly using [Iron Wall] to withstand the aura, and I’d even used [Enlargement] as well.  
Not only that, I’d been spamming all kinds of skills, even using [Transcendent] in conjunction with them.
If my MP bottomed out, I wouldn’t be able to withstand the aura anymore, making it much harder to protect my comrades from the Blood Knight.
‘And if reinforcements show up, it’s over.’
I made a decision, clutching my loot in one hand, and ran back the way I came.
But why?
‘Why isn’t anyone attacking me?’
The Corpse Giant, which had been running at me, had formed a wall, shielding one side.  And no spells were flying my way.
“…Necrapeto! What are you doing?  You’re not holding him back! He’s not even going to die anyway!”
They seemed to be regaining their senses, judging from their shouts…
But why?
I soon found out.
One of the undead, relatively intact compared to the skeletal Corpse Collector, yelled out.
“If you want to block him, Bivvian can do it!  Seems like magic works pretty well on him.”
Now that I think about it, they had all been hit by me once.  That must be why they were hesitant to attack me. 
Of course, they didn’t know anything about me.
They didn't want to end up like the Lighthouse Keeper, with their heads blown off in a single grab.
I ran through the open space, as if passing through an empty field.  
“What’s this? You challenging me?”
The Blood Knight, with his one arm, blocked my path, asking in a gruff voice. 
“…Name.”
What?
“What’s your name?”
What was he trying to do?  Just asking my name?
I had only one thing to say.
“If you’re gonna fight, fight.  If not, scram.  I’ve gotta eat, I’m going home.”
“…!”
“Are you stuck with honey in your mouth or something?”
I started running again, and he moved aside.
“…You’ll, find out soon enough.”
Surprisingly, the Blood Knight didn’t swing at me from behind. 
He must have learned from his earlier impotence. 
After all, how could he possibly stop someone who just runs through his attacks?
Thud, thud, thud.
I pushed myself harder, and soon, I reached my destination. 
The magic circle on the ground was glowing, ready to be used.
But the mage was simply frozen, staring blankly.
“What are you doing? Get going, you’re holding us up.”
I urged her, and Raven lifted her head to look at me.
Her eyes were darting around.
What’s going on?
I looked around, and Erwin and Amelia had the same expression.
“…!”
“…!”
“…!”
I had come back with the loot…
But they were looking at me as if I were a monster.
]]]