## Chapter 361: Interrogation (3)
It felt like a cliché from a mystery novel. All circumstantial evidence pointed towards the culprit, but the most crucial piece of physical evidence was missing. That was my current situation.
“This isn't a gift!”
If it weren't for the prejudice against the Evil Spirit, it wouldn't be a problem. To prove my innocence in this situation, I needed tangible evidence. After all, I looked even more suspicious as is. Just like this.
"Say it after me. I am a woman."
Raven's demand, made after the strange phenomenon that occurred due to the disrupted trust. The goal was clear. 
While they didn't know why the disrupted trust stopped, they intended to understand it by experimenting with various conditions. Therefore, my best course of action was simple:
"I... ! Ugh, my voice... ! It seems I can't speak because it's a lie—"
"Stop messing around!"
No... I wasn't messing around. I was genuinely trying. Is it really so hard to pull this off?
"Fine, say anything then."
"...I am truly not an Evil Spirit. Trust me, Raven."
Repeating the same words once more, the clock stopped. However, the difference was that Raven quickly spoke up, not missing that moment.
"I'm a man. See... it really works."
Right, when the clock malfunctions, it affects everyone else, not just me. I learned something new. 
Damn it.
Tick, tick.
The clock, which stopped, started operating normally again when the needle on the face moved. 
"I'm a man... huh, it's not working now?"
"..."
"Did you do something, Mr. Yandel?"
Why do they suspect me so confidently? Well, I am the cause... But I had to deny it completely.
"Oh, it's unfair! You brought a faulty product, and now you're blaming me?"
"Faulty product? Is it normal for it to change like this when Mr. Yandel speaks?"
That was definitely a suspicious point. Even if I were Raven, I would have stuck to that position. But I couldn't admit it, could I?
I raised my voice.
"I didn't do anything!! It's the truth!! Believe me!!"
The fact that they couldn't distinguish truth from lies through the disrupted trust meant that the person with the loudest voice had a higher chance of winning the argument—
"...Be quiet. Please, just shut up for a while."
Why are you glaring at me like that...
So fearsomely.
"..."
I involuntarily shut my mouth. Raven also paused for a moment, lost in thought.
And...
"...Tell me."
"Huh?"
"You know, what you were about to say earlier. Go ahead and say it."
"Ah..."
In a way, it's like the dawn of time, before magic or science existed. A time when simply trusting people through conversation was enough. 
Phew, how pure a world it was.
"What do you mean, 'came back?' Where were you before that?"
"I'll tell you everything."
I then explained the events that unfolded on Parune Island after we were left alone, in chronological order. How we eventually defeated 'Stormgush' together. How I obtained a Core from it.
"Then, did you... pull the lighthouse keeper earlier?"
"Yes. I used it by connecting it to Byon's [Transcendence]."
"So far, it seems to be the truth. Continue."
Before discussing the next event, I also mentioned the treasure 'Shard of Recorded Stone' that the Lord of Noirarc possessed. Surprisingly, Raven readily accepted it.
"I've heard of it. I didn't know that the treasure that Drawes, that man, ran away with was that object. Anyway, there is a legend that it can change the history of the past."
"It wasn't a legend, it was the truth. Well, changing history was impossible."
"..."
"You'll understand when you hear it."
How the Shard of Recorded Stone activated.
How I woke up in the world 20 years in the past because of it.
"...I can't believe it, but if something like that happened, it explains it. Why there were only equipment left on the island."
As the story progressed, they started to question me, but they didn't interrupt, as if they wanted to hear my statement before making a judgment.
And...
"Nibel... Enche?"
When I finally mentioned how I borrowed the identity of 'Nibel Enche', which I acquired after killing the raiders I met on the island, Raven tilted their head.
'Oh, are they remembering everything from back then?'
At that moment, I even had such an expectation, but reality is reality.
"...It's a familiar name."
Well, they were about five at the time.
How could they remember even the name?
'Okay, then next is...'
Dwarki's turn to appear.
After that, I told them the story of how I tried to change the boy's fate, but realized that no matter what I did, history flowed back to its original course.
"The things I did... had already happened in the original timeline."
"There have been studies on time since ancient times. It's the Single-Dimensional Timeline Theory."
"..."
"No, don't worry, just continue."
"Alright."
I then spent time explaining in detail how I went down to Noirarc, spent six months there, and the efforts I made to save Amelia's sister.
Oh, of course, I left out all the stories related to the Evil Spirit.
And...
"When I came back, it was Noirarc. It was a month ago, time-wise. I met Amelia and Erwin during that time, and Erwin believed me."
"And the reason you didn't reveal your identity immediately was because you were suspicious of the announcement made by the royal family... right?"
"That's right. I don't know if you'll believe this, but..."
There was nothing left to say.
So, what judgment will Raven make?
Watching with anticipation and worry, Raven bluntly said,
"It's a ridiculous story, something kids would make up."
It was the expected response.
Aren't they a magician, not an ordinary person? With so much knowledge, my story must have sounded even more absurd. 
But...
"Do you have any proof that this is true?"
Of course, I've prepared for this. 
Why haven't I mentioned yet about meeting you? 
It's more effective to reveal such things in a more dramatic situation.
"Proof? ...Of course I do."
"..."
"You said you found the name Nibel Enche familiar, right?"
"Yes, so?"
"Of course it's familiar. We met once, 20 years ago."
"..."
Seeing Raven confused, I told them in detail about what happened back then.
Our first meeting at the library.
The time I saved them from getting electrocuted by someone who indiscriminately used electricity.  And how we met every day at the same time after that to share stories.
"That person... was Mr. Yandel...?"
Soon, Raven's eyes were filled with shock.
"You finally remembered who Nibel Enche was?"
It was a relief.
They may have forgotten the name, but they hadn't completely forgotten the memory itself.
***
Raven remained silent for a while.
They just stared at me with eyes full of confusion.
"That's impossible... How could that..."
"I understand your feelings. But it happened. Don't you remember the conversations we had?"
"Vaguely. I just remember that there was someone like that... After joining the Magic Tower, I was really busy.  And soon after that, 'that incident' happened..."
"...What incident?"
At my question, Raven hesitated, then retorted in a cold voice.
"That's none of your business, Mr. Yandel."
Ha, despite how much I doted on them in their childhood.
How did they grow up like this?
Ah, maybe they were even more rude back then?
Now, they at least use honorifics...
"Anyway, so now do you believe me?"
Raven remained silent, their mouth shut tight at my question.
And...
Tick, tick.
As the silent time stretched, the sound of the clock needle turning was unusually loud.
Looking at it, there was less than two minutes left.
Well, the clock stopped whenever I spoke, but I didn't talk for a second without a break either.
Tick, tick.
As meaningless time flowed...
"It doesn't matter what I want to believe."
"..."
"Amelia Rainwails, answer me. Are all these stories true?"
Lost in listening to the story, they finally realized the verification through another person, and turned their gaze to Amelia.
And...
Tick, tick.
Even though the Disrupted Trust was working properly, Amelia's answer had no problem.
"Yandel's story is all true."
Right, I may have left out some truths, but the experiences themselves are facts.
"The fact that Yandel and I went to the past 20 years ago, and experienced all those things there, it all really happened."
It was a decisive blow.
Even if it's a hard-to-believe story, at this point, there's no way not to believe it.
'Okay, it seems I've convinced them... '
I was slightly relieved when...
"But..."
Raven uttered in a choked voice.
"That... doesn't prove that Mr. Yandel isn't an Evil Spirit..."
"...What?"
I couldn't understand.
Why? It's a believable story.
Why are they still so persistent?
'Could it be... that they suspect me of being an Evil Spirit for a reason other than the royal family's announcement...'
The thought suddenly came to mind, my mouth went dry.
"Amelia Rainwails."
"..."
"One last question."
"...Ask."
Amelia nodded, and Raven asked after a slight pause. 
Hesitating for a moment, they said in a firm voice.
"If you're unsure or don't know for sure, say you don't know."
"..."
"Is Bjorn Yandel an Evil Spirit?"
Damn it.
***
Amelia didn't answer Raven's question.
Or rather, it's more accurate to say they couldn't.
What could they do?
They couldn't even lie in front of that damned Numbers item.
All they could do was silence.
"..."
A heavy silence descends.
And in that silence...
Tick, tick, tick.
The needle on the clock face moves, making a sound.
But the duration itself wasn't long.
Tick.
The needle stopped moving after making a full circle, and the light that emanated from the face faded.
The Disrupted Trust time was over.
But...
"..."
"..."
The suffocating air lingers.
It happens sometimes, you know.
Sometimes, a moment of silence can be a clearer answer than a thousand words.
"...I guess it doesn't matter what I answer now."
Amelia muttered belatedly, but Raven didn't open their mouth.  They also didn't activate Disrupted Trust again to repeat the same question.
I didn't ask, but it wasn't because they didn't have any uses left.
"Raven..."
"Just stop talking. At least... now..."
"..."
Raven stared at me for a long time in front of the cage.
They seemed to be silently sorting out their thoughts.
But maybe they couldn't organize them well?
"...I am the Vice-Captain of the 3rd Magic Corps, and I take pride and responsibility in my role. I have no intention of betraying or deceiving those who trust and follow me, or abandoning my duties as my position demands..."
Raven suddenly started muttering to themself.
"So, I need to report this. Beyond being a betrayal of the nation, it's a betrayal and deception of the people who trust and follow me..."
It wasn't hard to tell who that voice, echoing in the dark cabin, was addressing.
Not me, not Amelia, not Erwin.
"I, I..."
Themselves.
"I can't do that. I can't..."
Muttering as if trying to organize their own twisted thoughts, Raven clenched their small fists.
And they turned and walked towards the stairs.
Thump, thump.
A back that seemed precarious even at a glance.
"Yandel, if you let them go like this, there will be big problems."
Amelia offered advice from beside me, but I couldn't hear her.
Of course, I know with my head.
If they leave like this, they will come back with troops next time.
But...
Creak.
What words can I use to stop them?
To stop a companion who wanted to believe me from turning away after finally realizing the truth.
Thump.
My heart constricts.
At the same time, I had this thought.
If I weren't an Evil Spirit, if I had just been born in Bjorn Yandel's body, met them, and become a companion...
What would have happened then?
"...That's bull. We wouldn't have become companions anyway."
I tried to push away the meaningless fantasy.
The same goes for guilt towards Raven.
That's not what I need to be thinking about now.
'I guess I have no choice but to go with Plan B.'
Since the situation has already reached its worst, I have to focus on surviving, regardless of my position or anything else.
It's not just my life on the line.
Amelia and Erwin need to be protected too.
So...
When the troops arrive and the cage door opens, I'll use [Gigantification] to block the path and buy time. And instead of going out to the deck, I'll break the floor and escape into the lake below.
I'll use the Water Spirit to breathe...
'What's next...'
I was finalizing Plan B one more time when...
Thump.
Raven stopped walking towards the stairs and slowly turned back around.
And...
"Why did you save me earlier...?"
They asked directly, looking at me.
As if they couldn't understand only this one thing.
"...If you hadn't used [Gigantification], I wouldn't have been caught. Why... did you save me despite that? Even though you... got hurt like that."
'Right, that's what they were curious about.'
I understand their feelings, but I couldn't help but feel a bitter taste in my mouth.
It's a question that wouldn't have been asked if it were the Raven from before.
But the reason they're asking this again is...
'It's because I'm an Evil Spirit, right.'
Because I'm an Evil Spirit.
They doubt all my sincerity, and deny the time we spent together.
'I'm sure Ibakho felt this way too.'
The feelings the boy had once, they seep into my body so deeply, so painfully.
The wall of my heart, which had been firmly closed, opened.
I doubt that any words I say will be meaningful.
But...
"Yes, there's a reason."
I still said it.
"...Yes.  Of course there's something else—"
I may seem like a monster who steals people's bodies in their eyes.
Even if everything seems like a facade.
I know I shouldn't say this, but...
"Raven, you were in danger."
"..."
"That's why I saved you."
That was the only reason, really.