##  Chapter 363: Responsibility (1)
Finally escaping the cage, we moved to the officer's quarters, located in the center of the ship. The conversation we were about to have demanded utmost secrecy.
"You can speak freely here. This place was designed for confidential discussions."
Ah, if that's the case...
"I'd like to hear about the current situation first. How did the ambush go?"
The information I craved most, the one that had been kept entirely hidden from me while I was imprisoned, needed to be confirmed. What had become of Orcullis's attack?
"Lord Lamreon, the Viscount, has fallen. He was killed by the traitor, Ricardo Luhenpraha, during the retreat."
My heart skipped a beat at the news of a military commander from our own legion being assassinated. But upon hearing the details, the overall situation didn't seem as dire as initially thought.
Their offensive had stopped as soon as they encountered the dozens of ships anchored like fortresses on the lake, hadn't it? And that state of affairs has persisted for the last two hours?
"The command believes that the ambush was aimed at assassinating key figures, exploiting the confusion."
Assassinating key figures, you say...
"It's highly likely, indeed."
After all, that blood knight mumbled these words the moment he saw us.
[The Golden Magician, Arhua Raven.]
[One of the targets to be eliminated.]
Raven was undoubtedly one of the key figures listed on the kill list.
The overall strategy of the ambush is beginning to crystallize in my mind.
‘The Corpse Collector likely scattered his undead widely, using them to locate the targets and share their positions.’
The number of undead around us drastically increased after I fought the blood knight, and shortly after, a three-person reinforcement team arrived.
"Anyway, things aren't that urgent right now. Let's start with that. What are your plans for the future, Yandell?"
Plans, you say...
‘I need to figure that out first...’
I had no idea the gift that old man gave me would work like this. 
Thanks to it, my mind is in a turmoil—
"Um, and..."
At that moment, Raven trailed off and looked at me.
"Let me make this clear: I helped you this time because I had to, but I can't keep doing this."
...What?
We aren't allies anymore...?
As I stared at her with a betrayal I couldn't hide, Raven avoided my gaze.
"There's no point in looking at me like that. I took a huge risk by not reporting this.  I've done my part.  I'm done."
It's bitter, but it's not an unreasonable request.
I didn't report this because I couldn't just leave her to die, but I didn't prepare myself to fall into this abyss with her.
That's how helping an evil spirit works in this world.
The moment you're caught, it's a guaranteed downfall.
That's why...
"Raven, don't look at me like that. I'm not blaming you. I'm grateful that you helped me, even just this once. I'll try my best to make sure your name doesn't come up if something goes wrong later."
I laughed in a barbarian-like way and patted Raven's small shoulders.
But what's this?
Thump! Thump! Thump!
This is a moment when she would usually yell that it hurts and glare at me. But Raven didn't.
She just bit her lip and looked down.
"Yandell... why are you... even in this situation...?"
Sigh, is that what's bothering her again?
She's so needlessly emotional.
I understand her completely, though.
"I know everything, and still, I tried to help you.  That's all I need."
I feel sorry for her, actually.
She was living a good life, on the fast track to success, and because of me, she’s now risking everything.
"......"
"......"
An awkward silence filled the officer's quarters for a while. Raven had regained some of her composure, and she brought up the original topic with an embarrassed expression.
"Anyway… so what are you going to do now?"
"Well, it's probably best not to know."
"......?"
"If you hear it and get more involved with me here, it'll be hard to get out later. You said helping me this time was the last, right?"
This time, I drew the line, and Raven flinched.
But she wouldn't be completely speechless, would she?
“…Yandell said he'd keep my name out of it, but you never know how things will turn out.”
“That’s true, isn’t it?”
“The best thing to do right now is to avoid getting caught. And for that purpose…”
“…For that purpose?”
“I'm willing to help, to a certain extent.”
What?  You were going to do this anyway.
I smirked, and Raven glanced at me as if annoyed.
“Forget it. So, tell me what you plan to do. Yandell must have a plan.  You wouldn't have come to the battlefield, keeping your identity hidden, without one.  You knew it was inevitable that you would be noticed.”
Raven asked, and I answered after much deliberation.
With a barbarian's straightforward honesty.
"I don't have one, not right now."
“…What?”
No matter how you look at me, there’s nothing I can do.
I never imagined that the gift Auril Gaviss left me would turn out like this.
I came because I needed money, but I intended to avoid attracting attention as much as possible.
But did she not expect this answer at all?
"You mean, you don’t have any plans at all?"
Raven stammered as she confirmed it, and I answered in the same straightforward manner.
"That's right."
“…Really? If it’s found out that you helped me, I’ll be fired from the military, and I could even be expelled from the Mage Tower!”
Wow, they could expel you from the Mage Tower?
I never imagined the risks were that high.
I was grateful once again for Raven's dedication, and I changed the subject.
"……By the way, I'm starving after being locked up for so long.  Could I have some jerky—?"
"Don't change the subject!"
"No, I’m really hungry—."
"What are you talking about?! You're not a real barbarian!!"
Ah, I guess that doesn't work on her anymore. 
"......"
I feel… bittersweet about it.
***
"Sigh..."
A sigh echoed through the silent officer's quarters.
In that uncomfortable atmosphere, I stealthily munched on the jerky I'd pulled out.
“What are you eating…?”
No, I'm really hungry.
My body's a barbarian, after all.
I need to constantly replenish my energy. 
“…Want some?”
“No, thanks.”
"......"
"Ugh, I'm always doing this, but how do they know I'm an evil spirit...?"
Raven sighed deeply again, but I decided to take it as a compliment for my meticulousness.
Creak, creak.
Whew, at least after eating something, I feel a little more strength in my body. 
"Raven, you knew something, didn't you?"
“…What?”
"You seemed to suspect me even before the official announcement."
"Ah, that..."
Raven's expression darkened instantly.
But she decided this wasn't something to hide?
“It was a magical device that recorded a conversation between Hans Krissen and a dwarf from Noarck.”
Ah, so that’s what she got.
But why that recorder?
I gestured my question, and Raven slowly continued her explanation.
“It was using a cheap core, so there was a limit to how many times it could play back the recording.”
“…And?”
“It could play back up to 100 times.  There were only two plays left, so I was wondering why Yandell was listening to it over and over again.”
"......I see."
I never imagined that would be a clue.
I never even—
"Actually… that wasn't the most decisive factor…."
Huh?
“Misha came to the lab. About 50 days after Yandell died.”
“…What did she say?”
“She said that rumors of Yandell being an evil spirit would start to spread.”
Was it because of Misha?
Suddenly, my heart felt like it was turning to ice.
“So?”
“The magical device, and everything else, it all felt off. So I asked her: are those rumors really just rumors?”
Misha avoided the question at the time.
But ironically, her actions spoke louder than words.
“…Wait a minute, so you’re saying that the person who spread the rumors was that Jim… no, that woman?”
Erwen, who had been listening silently, chimed in, and Raven looked slightly uncomfortable, glancing at her before nodding.
“It’s likely. I don’t know what Misha’s reasons were, but…”
Erwen gritted her teeth at Raven’s affirmation.
“Reasons, my foot!  That woman… I knew she would do this…!”
“Calm down, Erwen.  No one knows what Misha’s situation is.”
"But...! Regardless of what her situation was, I wouldn't have done something like that!  Aren't you angry, Yandell?  It's like you were betrayed!"
“As I said, no one knows yet.”
To be honest, I’m more worried than angry.
Don’t I have information from the Round Table?
Misha is with Ibacho.
And…
[The Stone of Resurrection is with Ibacho.]
Perhaps she made a deal with that guy to save me. Well, it's just my assumption, and even if it's true, it doesn't change the fact that her choice ultimately harmed me.
Whew, what is she doing where, exactly?
“Really! Yandell… why are you so ridiculously kind?!”
What is she saying?
“Enough, Raven. So you don’t know why the royal family acknowledged and announced those rumors?”
"No. But… I heard something from Commander Febrosk."
"What did you hear?"
“After the announcement, he came to me and said, ‘Isn't he already dead?  No one knows the truth anymore.’  Of course, at the time, I thought it was just him trying to comfort me because I was shocked, but…”
"......"
“Thinking back, it did have a strange tone.  Like he knew the truth, you know?  Maybe we should dig into that.”
“…Can you look into it when we get back to the city?”
"Yes, that much I can do..."
To my relief, Raven readily nodded.
It seems that kind of favor is still within her 'to a certain extent' category.
***
After that, we all chatted and started planning for the future, and soon reached a conclusion.
"It's probably best to keep our identities hidden for now."
Knowing that verification through the 'Twisted Trust' works this way, we need to be even more cautious about revealing our identities.
"But… why doesn’t ‘Twisted Trust’ work on Yandell?"
I simply deflected the question about Auril Gaviss's gift.
"Well, I don't know. Maybe it's because of the Shard of Records."
I’m still lying, but what can I do?
I’m the only one this thing doesn’t work on.
We’ve already shared that I'm an evil spirit, so what good is it? But you never know how things will turn out.
And that’s why I haven’t told Amelia yet.
‘If I tell her about that, I'll have to tell her about Auril Gaviss.’
Auril Gaviss is an enemy of the royal family.
If it gets out that I’m an evil spirit who received a 'gift' from that guy?  I’m sure that would be a bigger problem.
It would mean I couldn’t even negotiate with them as an evil spirit.
“But… at least it’s good news that it’s not just a one-off. If it doesn’t work on Yandell from now on, it’ll make things safer.”
"Yeah, I agree."
"But... Yandell, do we really have to reveal our identities?  I’m fine with this form…"
Erwen brought up that opinion, but I wouldn’t change my ultimate goal of clearing my name and reclaiming my true identity.
"If we don't, we'll never get a Soul Mark."
Why did I choose to train as a barbarian in the first place?
I need a Soul Mark to synergize better with the essences I’ve consumed.
But Erwen didn't seem to understand my feelings.
"Well... you can just not get it."
Erwen asked with a hint of sadness in her voice.
“Why are you so determined to become stronger...?"
Everyone’s gaze turned to me at that question.
"You know, Yandell has always been like that... He’s only ever cared about reaching the top of the tower…"
Raven looked a little uneasy.
“I heard that if you reach the end of the Labyrinth, you can return to the real world.”
Amelia calmly understood my position.
But I’m not grateful.
It’s bound to cause misunderstandings if you put it that way.
“So, are you like that too...?"
“…Yandell must have a good reason to return.  It’s his home, after all…”
“Yandell… why don’t you just stay here…?  I, I’ll do better… I won’t cause any trouble…”
Ah, what is she talking about?
“Erwen, calm down.  There seems to be a misunderstanding.
Return?
Returning was never my top priority, even in the past, and it’s no different now.
My top priority has always been survival.
But now, after meeting people, exploring, and going through so much, my top priority has changed slightly.
It’s not just me anymore.
It's about surviving together.
So, why am I so determined to become stronger?"
I continued without hesitation.
"Because that's how I can protect you."
My shield is no longer just for protecting this body.
]]]