## Chapter 367: Responsibility (5)
She stood at nearly two meters tall. His proportions were good, and his muscles were lean, so he didn't seem overly large. However…
‘Looking up at him like this is strange.’
Had She finally purged the Bonnite essence?  Ainar's appearance was strangely unfamiliar. I had only seen her after she had shrunk in stature at the beginning.  Well, if he thought back hard enough, he could recall her face from that time…
‘…She looked so much younger then.’
She had matured significantly since then.  Perhaps it wasn't so much a change in her face, but a difference in her bearing?
"Ha! A person can fall asleep while reading, can't they? Are you discriminating against me for being a Barbarian?"
"I… I, I wouldn't do such a thing. I truly—."
"Just kidding! Kidding! I promise there won't be any more trouble, just give me a break, okay?  Huh?"
Her boisterous tone conveyed a sense of ease, and his eloquence had improved significantly. He knew how to manipulate a person, using a tone that was both agreeable and difficult to refuse.  Honestly, I was impressed.
So, she had learned to use the Barbarian trait.
"…Very well, if you insist."
"Ha, thanks! Say, would you like some jerky?"
"…No, thank you. And food is not allowed within the library—."
"I know! I just thought you looked too thin.  Now, off you go!  You must be busy."
Ainar, seemingly determined to keep her promise of not sleeping, pushed the librarian away and started reading a book.
‘Now… she can read too?’
My heart swelled with pride.  So, I pretended to read my book and glanced across at Ainar.
"Hmm…."
Ainar frowned.  She seemed to be stuck on a particular part of the book.  But, even here, I could see how much she had changed.
"Hey, friend!"
Ainar spoke to me without hesitation.
"…You are calling for me?"
"Ha, what a strange friend! I suppose there’s no one else here?  Can you come over and read this for me?"
She dared to call a human her friend, and even asked for help.  Could it be… that she sees me as a Barbarian?
"Don't be afraid!  I’m not going to hurt you!"
"…I’m not afraid, but I was surprised.  I heard Barbarians hate humans."
"That’s all prejudice, prejudice!  Well, I used to be like that, but I gradually realized there’s no reason to hate them."
Well, she doesn't seem to be mistaking me for a Barbarian.  It also seemed unlikely that she was thinking of Bjorn Yandell when she looked at me, so I moved to her side.
"I’m reading this, but I don’t understand this word.  Do you know what it means?"
"This is… read as 'Byung-Cham'.  In the military, it refers to a specific type of unit that manages or supplies materials."
"Unit?  What is that? It sounds tasty."
What, she can’t read this, but she’s reading military texts?  I couldn’t help but be baffled, but I answered her question.  As I did, I glanced at the stack of books beside her.  There were more than just military books. 
Most of them were about history.
‘…She’s reading these books?’
"Anyway, thanks!  Thanks to you, I can continue reading!"
Ainar returned to her book after I explained the word, and I went back to my spot.  But, after a while, I could no longer hold back and asked.
"But… why are you reading such books?"
"Huh? Are you picking a fight with me now?"
"No, it’s not that…."
"Ha!  Don’t make that face. I know I look strange!"
What is this, she really does manipulate people…
As I stared at Ainar, who was laughing heartily, she muttered with a serious expression.
"The warrior I admired most read a lot of books."
"…"
"Well, I can’t even reach his toes, but… there are things that someone has to do."
A desolate tone.  I recalled what Erwen and Raven had told me about Ainar’s current situation.
‘After I died… she declared that she would become the tribal leader.’
It was a bold declaration made before her grieving tribe after I, a strong contender, died.  At first, her tribe was skeptical, but over time they started to accept it, and now she is almost seen as the successor…
"Say, you know… it’s a little disappointing?"
Ainar suddenly looked at me and licked her lips.
"…What is?"
"I think you would have been quite handsome if you were born a Barbarian."
"…Really?"
"Anyway, since we’ve met here, how about we exchange names?  I’m Ainar, the second daughter of Pnellin. What about you?"
"Riehen Schwitz."
After I gave her my alias, Ainar repeated it, as if trying to memorize it.  Then, she handed me a few books from the pile she had been reading.
"This… why are you giving me these?"
"A gift for becoming friends."
What, no one gives out library books as gifts.  You can’t even take them out.
"…Thank you."
I was baffled, but I thanked her politely.  But what’s happening?
"Thank you, my foot. It’s something an upper species should do."
"…Upper species?"
"Ah, is that a difficult word?  You wouldn’t know as a human…."
Ainar looked around before whispering, so only I could hear.
"Barbarians are actually the most superior race in this world."
…What?
"You’ll understand if you read these.  You’ll know if what I’m saying is true."
I checked the titles of the books she had given me.
[Secrets of the Heart, the Selfish Superior Gene]
[Barbarians III - Why Did Wizards Desire Their Hearts?]
[Seven Reasons Why You Shouldn’t Oppose Barbarians:  Lessons from the Sacred Relic War]
…Those were the titles.
***
"Not reading them?"
"…I’m reading them."
She kept glancing at me, so I had no choice but to read the books she had given me.  Honestly, I was curious too. 
Maybe the titles are misleading, and the content is actually—
‘…That’s a load of crap.’
I don’t know who wrote these, but they all say the same thing:  Barbarians are a superior race. 
What kind of thinking went into writing these?  They weren’t Barbarians if I look at the writing.  If they were in their right mind, they wouldn’t have published them with Barbarians as the target audience.
Thud.
I gave up understanding and closed the book.  Ainar looked at me with bright eyes.
"What do you think?  Good books, right?"
"…They were definitely interesting stories."
"Heh heh, don’t get too discouraged.  The human race isn’t that inferior.  It’s just that we are special."
"…"
"You know?  The Barbarian illiteracy rate is 99 times higher than humans.  But even then, we have continued to maintain and pass down our traditions from thousands of years ago.  No other race has been able to do that."
"…"
"Oh, and also, you know why Barbarians don’t float?  It’s because the density of our souls is overwhelmingly higher than that of other races."
"Hey, do you know what density is?"
"…Ahem, there’s also a reason why only Barbarians can get soul marks!"
You don’t know, huh?
"It’s because we have souls that are as pure and clean as any, but—."
I got up from my seat.
"…What? Where are you going? We’re just getting started."
"I’m sorry, but I thought of something I need to do.  Let’s see if we can meet again later."
"…Okay?  If that’s the case, there’s nothing I can do.  See you."
I was happy to meet Ainar, but I had to escape quickly before I had to listen to her talk about this all day.  And…
‘I’ll be out of sight here.’
I moved to a secluded spot and read a new book I took out.  Most of them were about current events.  They even published books that compiled the contents of newspapers from the past year.
‘They say the royal family implemented many policies for low-level explorers, and these were them.’
As I immersed myself in the book, gathering information, I suddenly froze, my hand stopping mid-page.  It was because I saw a familiar name in a year-old article.
[Explorer Guild's 7th Regional Head Nile Urbans Decides to Retire, Not Due to Political Disputes But Personal Reasons.]
That guy retired?  I was curious, so I read through the article, and soon I reached the end.
[Just two years ago, he was actively involved in the Guild Leader election, but he suddenly decided to retire.  His acquaintances all agreed that his daughter’s death a year ago was the reason for his change of heart.]
A year ago, his daughter’s death.
"…Was she an only child?"
Well, I’m not sure about that.  We weren’t exactly close.
‘I’ll check anyway.’
Since I was at it, I took out the book with articles from a year ago and checked them one by one.  Soon, I found the information I was looking for.
[Urbans Family's Eldest Daughter, Julian Urbans. Marriage Announcement with Alminers Trading Company's Head of Headquarters.]
It started with an engagement announcement.  And…
[Julian Urbans, Dies on the Night of Her Wedding.]
A death notice was published three months later.  The cause of death was a fall due to stumbling.  She was reportedly drunk and fell headfirst from a third-floor terrace…
[Nile Urbans, Once Again Strongly Insists That It Was Not Suicide But a Fall, After Being Requested to Compensate.]
My mouth tasted bitter.  We weren’t close, but knowing the circumstances, I feel like it’s partially my fault.
‘Forget it, I’ll go home for today.’
I shouldn’t have looked…
***
One day, two days, three days, four days…
Time passed quickly in the city, as always.  After all, there was a lot to do at the beginning of the month.  Turning receipts into money, selling equipment—time just flew by. 
And then, it was time for my final settlement.
"This is enough to pay off all my debts and then some."
"So… we don’t have to sell the house?"
"That’s where it gets tricky.  I’d like to hold off on paying back the debt."
"W, why…?"
Because the due date is still far away.  I need to invest the money first.
"A, if that’s what you want… w, well, I guess I can’t do anything about it… But why are you spending such a large sum…?"
"I’m going to buy a ship."
"…A ship?"
Erwen looked bewildered, while Amelia nodded as if understanding my thoughts.
"Well, if you’re not going to keep joining the wars, having a ship is a good idea."
"That’s right.  The place I’m going to explore is on the 6th floor."
I had joined the war because I was broke, but I was able to reach my target amount through just one expedition.  There’s no reason for me to join again.  I’ll probably make a lot of money considering the daily wages I received this time, but I have something more important.
"Where are you going…?"
"The Submerged Island."
"…Submerged Island?  Is there an island with that name on the 6th floor?"
Even from Amelia’s reaction, you can see that it’s not a well-known island.  Well, Raven would probably know, but…
Anyway, I explained the characteristics of the Submerged Island, and Erwen and Amelia looked as if they had heard of it.
"An island hidden under the sea… now I get it, you’re talking about that place."
"I think my sister mentioned it before!"
"But can we go with just the three of us? We don’t have a navigator."
"That’s why we’re going to start looking for one."
"…We’re going to be busy for a while again."
Luckily, they both agreed to my exploration plan without any objection.  The next day, we started searching for a ship and a navigator.
And, as time went on…
"Erwen?"
"She’s sleeping."
"Really? You don’t have to come, but—."
"…Just in case.  If you don’t want me to come next time, I won’t."
Well, I didn’t tell her not to come…
"Ahem, I meant to say thank you."
"…How is that a thank you?"
Okay, just assume she knows what I mean.
I chuckled and checked the clock on my desk.  And…
"I’ll be back."
"Okay."
The moment I closed my eyes, the whole world was filled with white light.
[The character’s soul resonates and is drawn to a specific world.]
Okay, let’s turn on the computer.
]]]