## Black Star (2)
My worries about the GM didn't last long. There wasn't anything I could do about it anyway, was there? It was more efficient to spend my time doing things I could, like browsing the web.
Click, click.
Unlike in the modern world, web surfing here wasn't just a simple form of entertainment to kill time. It was a precious activity for gathering and organizing information, essential for my survival next month.
“…Sniff, snicker, snicker.”
Oh, how ridiculous!
Click, click.
Time flew by as I moved my mouse ceaselessly, checking through posts. Soon, the time to enter the Round Table arrived.
***
The dimly lit, antique study. 
A white man sat there, his hands clasped, lost in thought.
“To think that he was on the same side as Baekho.”
It wasn't that I hadn't considered that possibility, but it was certainly not what I'd hoped for. Baekho was a wild card I couldn't control, and now, another variable had entered the mix.
“…Where did he even come from?”
‘Elfnunna’ joined the community around three years ago. The same period when the masked figure ‘Lion’ appeared on the Round Table.
This meant that…
‘He must have been pretending to be a newbie.’
If so, why did he join the community? His estimated power was on par with Baekho's, and his outstanding information gathering capabilities suggested that he had built up his own forces. 
‘…The Round Table's Watcher.’
At that time, the man had tentatively concluded that his goal was to access the secret chat room.
His nickname was 0720. An evil spirit from another world who secretly infiltrated the community. A mastermind who created the club ‘Round Table's Watcher’ and recruited notable figures like the Corpse Collector.
He suspected a connection to the masked figure.
But…
‘He didn't seem to know, did he?’
I expected some reaction if he saw that password, but there was none. Not even when I directly mentioned it towards the end.
He seemed completely unaware of why I brought it up.
Perhaps it was an act, but…
‘If he really had no connection, did he join the community to easily contact Baekho?’
Well, maybe he did.
The man considered various possibilities. 
Then…
“I'm sorry, I couldn't come right away because there was a problem with the bulletin board.”
A white woman appeared in the study, where he was alone.
The nickname ‘Soulqueens’ floated above her head.
“What did you call me for?”
She sat down on the opposite sofa and asked, and the man explained what had just happened.
“I met the Lion.”
“…I see. How did it go?”
“He threatened me. He said to release Baekho's ban.”
“So… what are you going to do?”
The woman asked cautiously, to which the man replied, 
“Fortunately, he gave me three months. I'll make my decision within that time.”
“But… does he really have that kind of power?”
It was a question the man had constantly pondered.
After all, he knew nothing about the man, other than the fact that he was a Korean player.
Clench.
The man unconsciously clenched his fist.
‘Damn Koreans.’
It seemed unfair.
Since creating the community, the man had only met a handful of Koreans. After all, Korean players were rare in this game.
In terms of numbers, they were significantly fewer than most Western countries.
But what about their output?
Baekho, a powerful player who had grown far stronger than his Western counterparts, despite entering much later.
And now, there was ‘Elfnunna’.
‘There’s a high probability that ‘Elfnunna’ is Korean too.’
At this point, he was starting to wonder if they were genetically gifted with something special.
‘By the way, I didn't get to ask if she took that nickname because of a connection to Elfnunna. Oh well, she probably wouldn’t have answered anyway.’
The man believed that ‘Elfnunna’ was the most likely candidate to clear the original game and enter this world.
While everyone else was looking for easier routes and enjoying the cheat version, he diligently stuck to the original game.
“Master?”
“Ah, I was lost in thought for a moment.”
He ended his contemplation at the woman’s call and gave her an order.
“As Soulqueens said, we still don't have any information about him.”
“…….”
“So please investigate him more actively. Within the limits of not provoking him too much.”
The woman responded with a pause.
But her usual confident, flawless attitude was missing, 
“……I’ll try.”
Her voice was filled with disinterest.
***
I put on the mask, familiarly, and arrived at the Round Table room after passing through the quiet corridor.
Everyone was already inside.
“…You’re here! I was worried, Pishit!”
The jester, almost jumping up in excitement, seemed worried I might skip the Round Table.
“…….”
The Queen turned away awkwardly when our eyes met.
Well, I did meet the GM earlier, and…
That information must have reached her.
“…….”
I sat down, and there was the fox mask in front of me.
He greeted me with a brief nod when our eyes met…
“Tsk.”
It was annoying every time I saw him.
If not for the unexpected trip to the past…
I could have used the situation to uncover his true identity…
“Uhm…”
I was trying to suppress my regrets when…
“Did I… do something wrong?”
The fox asked me cautiously.
At first, I was baffled. But I quickly realized the reason.
‘Ah, he’s acting this way because I gave him that cold stare.’
It was like killing a frog with a thrown rock.
Not only the fox, but others were also trying to figure out why I was so cold to him…
I didn’t feel like explaining myself.
“I don’t know.”
My vague response.
The fox swallowed hard, seemingly realizing he did something wrong without knowing what.
This was getting awkward…
‘I should just change the topic.’
“Let’s start.”
As the entry deadline passed and the door to the Round Table closed, the other members stopped thinking about what the fox ‘did wrong’ and focused on the present.
“I wonder what interesting stories we'll hear this time, Pishit!”
“So, shall we start from that side this time?”
The Crescent Moon’s question drew attention to the Deer Antler mask, sitting to my left.
This was the Round Table’s unwritten rule.
It always started with the one to my left, since that put me at the end of the turn.
They shared their information first, and I would then judge it and share my own information in return.
I really chose my spot well, huh?
“……I’ll go first.”
Deer Antler finally revealed the information they prepared.
“The Royal Family meeting discussed the inclusion of the Evil Spirit race for the first time in 150 years. It was immediately dropped from the agenda due to overwhelming opposition, of course.”
Those few words could be difficult to understand without working in public office.
So, simply put…
‘What the hell does that mean?’
I couldn’t understand it.
But it wasn’t a problem.
There was always someone on the Round Table who would step up when someone lacked knowledge.
“Inclusion of the Evil Spirit race…? What does that mean…?”
The Goblin asked with a timid voice, and Soulqueens stepped in to provide an explanation.
“It’s not about labelling them as enemies, but rather including and accepting them as subjects. The proposal was made once 150 years ago, but it fell apart for various reasons.”
“I, I see… But it’s strange to hear something like that from the Royal Family…”
“Pishit, it sounds to me like their power is waning—”
“Well, it certainly seems that you know nothing about the Royal Family's power.”
“……Why do you always pick on me?”
“Oh my, you have quite the ego. I’m just stating facts, you know?”
Soulqueens laughed naturally, and the Jester didn’t say another word.
This guy was strangely weak against her.
Was it because she verbally beat him up several times?
‘This jester, he's such a typical example of  ‘strong against the weak’…'
Anyway, the information Deer Antler revealed received the green light on the first try, marking a smooth start. And it was immediately followed by the Goblin’s turn.
“Ahem, a divine revelation came down to the Cult of Leathlas a few days ago.”
“I’m sure… that’s not all.”
“Haha, of course not. Anyway, the revelation seemed a bit odd.”
“Just spit out the content already! It’s just ugly, Pishit.”
The Jester criticized, and the Goblin, seemingly wondering why he was always targeted, glanced at him before revealing the content.
“The royal blood carries the black star, so aid the one who shall become its owner.”
“……?”
“That was it.”
Leathlas, the Goddess of Stars.
As a divine revelation from the deity who governs the fate and future of souls, it was open to various interpretations.
“The black star… could it be a sign of rebellion?”
“It could also mean they’re conspiring with Noir.”
“But… ‘aid the one who shall become its owner’…”
“Maybe it means the Queen is pregnant. But the baby is black, Pishit!”
“……How can you say such vulgar things.”
“Why? What’s wrong with black? Am I being racist?”
The Jester chuckled, as if he had just made a funny joke, but the reactions from everyone else were cold.
This guy probably never had a friend.
That's why he played [Dungeon & Stone] all the time—
‘Damn it.’
I was afraid my self-esteem would take a hit, so I pushed that thought aside. 
The conversation about the revelation was ending anyway.
That’s how most revelations went.
No matter how we interpreted and speculated, we always ended up knowing the real meaning later, with time.
“It's my turn now.”
It was the Crescent Moon’s turn.
He used to bring great information about the Creation Treasures, but not anymore.
Unfortunately, that wasn't the case today either.
‘Ugh, he’s always trying to shift the topic to war information.’
Well, it would be helpful to know anyway.
It wasn’t like I was leading a force, so I couldn’t really take advantage of that kind of information.
Next.
“The Royal Family has begun to share its warship production techniques with civilians. It seems to be an unavoidable choice to rebuild damaged warships in a short time. Maybe we’ll soon see large clans sailing on warships.”
The Fox’s information was similar.
As expected from her usual nature, she provided information and explained its impact in a logical manner, but that was it.
‘Information’s pretty thin this first round.’
The most interesting things were the revelation and the ‘inclusion’ proposal from the Royal Family meeting.
‘The Evil Spirits being accepted… will that world really come?’
I imagined it, but didn’t have high expectations.
Didn’t Deer Antler say it was only mentioned once and quickly dropped due to opposition?
“Pishit, it’s my turn now, yes?”
The Jester’s turn came, halfway through the round. Unfortunately, his information wasn’t helpful to me.
Actually, it would be more accurate to say it was harmful.
“The Lighthouse Keeper is dead.”
The Jester began with those words, which everyone in this room knew. And, as expected, he spilled my information for everyone at the Round Table to hear.
“Everyone knows Bloodling’s contribution, but the truth is entirely different. It wasn't Bloodling, but the crazy woman’s strange man.”
“…A strange man?”
“Yes, seeing him use the [Gigantification] essence from Orc Hero, I initially thought Bloodling was bringing him in as a substitute for Bjorn Yandell… but…”
“Rihen Schuitz. Even the Royal Family is keeping an eye on him.”
“Pishit, is that his name? Anyway, I'll tell you more details next time we meet, so I hope you’ll ask about him during the next Round Table.”
“…….”
“I don't know where this guy came from, but he’s a monster.  Even we four together wouldn’t be able to kill him, Pishit.”
The members were shocked and deeply interested in the man.
‘Ugh, I’m dreading the idea of them all snooping around for my information…'
I was silently sighing when…
‘What is this woman looking at me for?’
I felt her gaze and looked to my side.  Soulqueens was staring intently at me.
For some reason, she was muttering something, just loud enough for me to hear.
“Gigantification… joined three years ago… Bloodling…”
Did she figure something out?
Or perhaps, she’s entering the final stage of the investigation, where she's close to catching me.
It wasn’t just her who felt something off.
“Wait a minute, isn’t he the real deal, not a substitute?  [Gigantification] isn’t a common essence.  Didn’t they say he also ate an Ogre essence…?”
The Goblin started it.
“It’s true, even if Bloodling is crazy, she wouldn’t use a stand-in and give him a nickname… right…?”
The Fox nodded.
“Pishit, what are you all talking about? Bjorn Yandell is dead.”
The Jester scoffed at the suspicion.
But…
“What if he’s alive?  What if he’s secretly been building up his power?  Then it would make sense for the Golden Mage to overlook this report.”
Deer Antler muttered, and…
“That makes sense.  His true identity as an Evil Spirit was exposed shortly after.  It’s possible he faked his death because of that.”
The Crescent Moon summarized it.
And…
“If Bjorn Yandell is truly alive…”
The Queen looked at me and said,
“That period overlaps with the time Lion disappeared.”
All eyes were now on me.
They want to ask if I’m Bjorn Yandell.
I know they want to ask, but they’re hesitant, having been burned before for being too bold.
‘Oh, this was bound to happen, but it actually did.’
However, I didn’t feel cornered.
This is all solved with one alibi, right?
“That story again.”
I placed my hand on the Round Table’s gem.
And…
“Everyone seems curious about me, so I’ll go first this time.”
I spoke, mocking their suspicion.
“I joined this community.”
“…….”
“22 years ago.”
The green light flashed.