## Black Star (5)
The conversation with Hyun-byeol was surprisingly easy. Considering our complicated relationship and the secrets we both held, I expected it to be much more awkward. 
‘It’s convenient having a clear boundary. She never crosses it first.’
We discussed economics, culture, politics, and administration. There were plenty of topics we could relate to, even without knowing each other’s true identities, and we talked freely.
How much time had passed?
“The library… I might have passed you by a few times.”
“Did you go there often?”
“Whenever I had free time.”
“Right, there’s nothing better than books for getting information.”
Checking the time, I realized it had been about two hours since I met Hyun-byeol. Wow, I lost track of time. What should we talk about next?
Just as I was pondering, Hyun-byeol hesitantly spoke up.
“Oppa.”
“Yes, why?”
“What are your friends like?”
“Why the sudden question?”
I tilted my head, and Hyun-byeol replied nonchalantly.
“I was just curious. It’s all your fault you have no friends, right?”
“What? You’re hitting me below the belt here?”
I asked blankly, and Hyun-byeol quickly added,
“No, I mean… it’s always been your standard for someone to be considered your friend. But there must have been a lot of people who considered you a friend, right? Like the people you talk to on New Year’s or your birthdays.”
“Those are just acquaintances. They’re not my friends.”
“That’s exactly what’s wrong with your way of thinking.”
I had many things I wanted to say, but I didn’t contradict her because I understood what she was trying to say.
“That’s why I was so surprised. This friend you’ve made… you actually consider them a friend, right?”
“I guess…?”
“Honestly, I don’t understand what kind of magic you’ve cast on yourself to make someone like you change. Who are they?”
Is it really that strange that I have friends?
A strange sense of bitterness washed over me, but I answered her anyway.
“They’re trustworthy. I wouldn’t worry if they held a knife behind my back.”
“Hmm, does that mean you’ve forged a deep bond through your shared experiences of fighting to the death?”
“I suppose so?”
“But isn’t that more of a colleague than a friend?”
Uh…
That’s true…
“Considering the social context here, colleagues are considered to be closer and more trustworthy than friends—”
“See? They’re just colleagues.”
“...”
I didn’t respond.
What does it matter, whether they’re friends or colleagues?
The core is that they are important to each other.
“...What? What’s with that look?”
“Come to think of it, you didn’t have any friends either, did you?”
“A lot of people considered me a friend.”
I know that.
But you’re on a similar path as me.
It’s not what others think that matters, but how you feel.
“So, did you make any friends here?”
“...I don’t need them. I’m going back anyway.”
“Is that so? Well, then there’s nothing we can do about it.”
I chuckled, and Hyun-byeol looked up at me with a sense of grievance.
But that expression didn’t last long.
“Huh?”
Hyun-byeol suddenly flinched.
“I just heard a ‘ding’ sound in my ear.”
“Ah, you must have received a message.”
“Message…?”
“Do you have anything listed on the exchange?”
“I haven’t listed anything, but I did submit an offer to a ‘purchase information’ post. I thought it would be convenient to have some GP. Oppa, how do I check messages?”
“You can’t see them here. You have to go out and check them on the computer.”
“...I’ll check later then.”
“Go check now. If they replied this late, it seems like you received a message from other sellers as well.”
I suggested that, and Hyun-byeol’s face brightened.
She probably thought it was reasonable too.
“Then I’m sorry, but I’ll be right back.”
“Huh? Right back?”
“...Are you leaving?”
“If you wait, you’ll feel rushed to finish quickly. It’s nothing so serious. You can check later.”
“...”
“Besides, this is your first time using the community, right? You should explore other features as well, not just chat with me here.”
“That’s… true.”
As expected, she nodded without further argument after I explained it logically.
“I’ll see you next month then.”
“Okay, take care.”
We exchanged brief goodbyes.
Well, at least that’s what should have happened.
But…….
“...”
“...”
“What are you doing? Why aren’t you leaving?”
“...”
“Ah, you want me to leave first? Then—”
Just as I focused my consciousness to leave the chatroom.
“Wait!”
Hyun-byeol urgently grabbed my sleeve.
And…….
“Oppa.”
Hyun-byeol looked away, speaking hesitantly.
“How do I leave…?”
She’s just staring at the empty chatroom, wondering what to do.
This girl, she’s so clueless in the strangest of ways.
“You wouldn’t…?”
She wasn’t waiting for someone to show up. She couldn’t figure out how to leave, so she was stuck?
***
“Twenty-two years ago… are you serious?”
The white man pressed his lips together, asking the question. The woman replied.
“Yes. That’s what he said. The jewel on the round table lit up green.”
“...”
“What’s going on? The community wasn’t even properly established back then!”
The man shut his mouth at that statement.
He had suspicions. The masked man he first met after receiving the authority over the spiritual world from the old man, presumed to be Auril Gaviss.
[Believe it or not, that’s your choice. I’m just here to give you a warning.]
The man initially pretended to be someone else, but when his disguise was exposed, he gave a piece of advice that was either a warning or a threat.
And…….
[Right, that was your name.]
He forced the man to reveal his name.
“...Master, my hands are trembling.”
The man lowered his head unknowingly.
His fingertips were subtly trembling.
Even though it was over twenty years ago, it still…
“...”
Of course, he now knows.
The energy that had constricted him back then was killing intent.
But…….
Clenching his fist, the man gripped his knees, forcing himself to stop trembling.
There’s a saying that ignorance is bliss.
Sometimes knowing is more terrifying.
He couldn’t even imagine how many people he would have to kill to achieve such killing intent.
‘But to think that the masked lion was him…’
It was so long ago that he hadn’t connected the dots immediately, but now that he thinks about it, it all makes sense.
Knowing his real name, Jurben Havellion.
The incredible killing intent Soulqueens reported.
‘Three months, was it…’
The man felt fear and relief simultaneously.
If he had recklessly rejected the threat back then, that man could have become his enemy.
However, as much as he feared, he needed to know.
If the unknown man he encountered twenty-two years ago was the lion…
What was his goal?
That was the key to understanding the current situation.
‘He reappeared in the community three years ago.’
His nickname was Elfnunalove.
While it was unlikely to be a demon from another world, it wasn’t certain.
He was too secretive to be categorized.
‘He immediately contacted Ibakuho after joining the community and joined the round table.’
So, what was the reason?
The clue was in the conversation they had twenty-two years ago.
“Auril Gaviss…?”
“Isn’t that the name of the game developer?”
He warned the man, who had just received the authority.
To be careful of the old man, Auril Gaviss, who had given him the authority.
That he had brought them to this world and didn’t feel guilty at all.
“...”
“Sorry. You were thinking.”
The threads slowly unravel.
The lion was Auril Gaviss’s enemy.
The reason he reappeared in the community after almost twenty years was…
‘Because the Master of the Round Table… was Auril Gaviss?’
Nickname 0720.
The being who created the Round Table’s Watchers, the one he suspected of being a demon from another world.
‘No, there are inconsistencies here.’
“Soulqueens, you mentioned the Master of the Round Table visited the Round Table before?”
“Yes. I wasn’t there, but I heard he did.”
“And they seemed to be close?”
“Yes. They seemed to be very comfortable with each other, which shocked all the members.”
“I see…”.
The threads finally seemed to be unraveling, but the man hit another wall.
The more he dug, the more he felt like he was sinking into a swamp.
Auril Gaviss, the Master, the Lion, and Ibakuho.
He couldn’t fathom what they were all aiming for.
Every attempt to piece the puzzle together hit an inconsistency due to a lack of clues.
But…….
Click.
One thing was certain.
Even now, somewhere he didn’t know.
People far more influential than him were plotting and striving towards their goals.
“...At this point, I have no choice but to accept it.”
“What?”
The man shut his mouth.
The owner of the community? The GM? The oldest player?
Regardless of what players call him in awe, the truth remains the same.
“...”
Ultimately, he was also just a small fry.
“Soulqueens, it seems there are many things happening that we’re unaware of.”
“Yes. I’ve been feeling that way lately.”
“We’ll have to try harder in the future.”
Instead of despair, the man chose to accept his shortcomings and move forward.
And as if the heavens answered his plea.
“...M, Master! The Lion is in the Korean chatroom! There are two people in the room—”
“Who’s the other person?”
“HS123. I helped them enter the room. They’re, Korean!”
“...So, they’re a new recruit in this term.”
The man quickly gave instructions.
“Send them a message. I need to meet them.”
It might be an opportunity that never comes again.
***
A small room with a bed on one side and a computer desk on the other.
Kang Hyun-byeol found it amusing.
[This space is a manifestation of your imagination.]
The guide she met upon first entering the community told her that.
Though she couldn’t see because her mental barrier was too strong.
This space is based on the place your mind first conjures, they said. The place you feel you belong or the place where you feel the most comfortable.
But…….
‘How ironic. This is it.’
Kang Hyun-byeol smiled coldly.
She understood that this was the place.
But the most important person, the one who should be here, wasn’t.
“...Let’s just get this done.”
After scanning the room, she sat down at the computer desk.
She checked her messages and frowned.
‘What? This isn’t from the buyer.’
Despite the irritation that she couldn’t explain, Kang Hyun-byeol carefully read the message.
It was because of the nickname listed in the sender.
‘Soulqueens… that’s the guide I met when I first came in.’
She didn’t know why, but she was inviting Kang Hyun-byeol to meet her.
Click, click.
Without hesitation, Kang Hyun-byeol entered the chatroom ID and password listed in the message.
There were two men and women in the room.
The woman was someone she knew.
And the man…
[Elfnunalove.]
What the hell is this nickname?
Kang Hyun-byeol felt a primal aversion from the beginning, but she didn’t let it show.
“Hello. Nice to meet you. I’m Elfnunalove.”
“Yes, hello. But what’s this about?”
“I have something to tell HS123—”
“Just call me ‘you.’ I’d rather not be called that name face-to-face.”
“Ahaha, I understand. It’s a little… weird.”
The man chuckled at Kang Hyun-byeol’s request.
She couldn’t help but feel ridiculous.
‘Does someone who knows that use this nickname?’
She saw him with a cold gaze, but quickly reached a conclusion.
‘Well, I’m being a little sharp, but the fact that he’s being so submissive means… there’s a reason for it.’
Kang Hyun-byeol didn’t intend to underestimate the man in front of her.
He may seem a little clueless…
But it’s foolish to judge someone based on their appearance.
The woman with the nickname Soulqueens was a member of the staff.
But how could this man, who seemed like he was acting as her assistant, be ordinary?
‘Maybe this man could be the GM, personally inviting a rookie like me to meet him.’
She didn’t need to overthink it.
The timing of the message, the disturbing nickname, the strange submissiveness.
Putting everything together, there was only one possibility.
‘He must be related to Oppa.’
Her guess was right.
“You’re Korean, aren’t you?”
“Sorry, but could we get straight to the point? I’m short on time.”
“Ha-ha, this is your first visit, so I understand. You could easily spend 12 hours checking everything out.”
“...”
Kang Hyun-byeol didn’t answer.
It was an effective method, as usual.
“You’re a quiet one. I’ll get straight to the point then. What’s your relationship with the user Elfnunalove?”
“Why should I answer you?”
“I’ll give you GP.”
“We just met today. Why?”
“Hmm...”
The man with the strange nickname, Elfnunalove, seemed to ponder whether her words were true, and then began to explain why he had summoned her.
“I want to buy information about Elfnunalove.”
“You want me to investigate him? We just met!”
“Any trivial information will do. Aren’t Koreans close-knit? If you… no, if you approached him, he might lower his guard.”
“...What’s the reward?”
Kang Hyun-byeol asked cautiously, and the man responded briefly.
“Anything you desire.”
“...Do you even know what I want?”
“Whatever it is, we have the power to grant it.”
“Is that… really true…?”
Kang Hyun-byeol, who had been cold until then, lifted the corners of her lips.
Of course she would.
She wasn’t going to leave, proclaiming to uphold justice.
That would be a stupid thing to do.
‘Oppa, how careless… I don’t know what he’s been up to, but he’s been hanging around with guys like this.’
Her eyes curved long.