## Treasure Hunter (3)
The green mine's guardian, King Slime. 
Its essence is good enough to use until the mid-game if you consume it. 
Well, even if it dropped, no one among us would consume this essence… 
It didn't even appear in the first place. 
“You have slain King Slime. EXP +4.”
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3.”
Watching King Slime vanish as a cluster of light, I licked my lips with a bitter taste. 
“Wow, did nothing actually drop?”
I’d hoped for at least a Number item, even if the essence wasn't anything special. 
But how come even a Rift Stone didn't drop? 
The individual drop rate should be 33.3%… 
…“Come to think of it, no essence dropped at all on the way here either.”
Actually, I had been hoping a little. 
That maybe the guardian would drop a decent Number item in the end. 
“At least an essence dropped, right?”
Amelia’s words, meant to comfort me, drew a smirk from me. 
What kind of essence is that? It’s trash. 
Grade 9 monster, Slime. 
If you eat it, the essence decreases physical stats like bone strength, physical resistance, strength, and agility while massively increasing useless stats like poison resistance, intuition, and digestion—all of which have minimal value in combat. 
And the skill isn't anything special either.
While it might be useful in certain situations, it's generally not worth the penalty, making it one of the worst essences even among Grade 9 monsters. 
Oh, by the way, this essence dropped after I killed one of the random monsters that appeared while hunting King Slime. 
‘Well, it'd be better if nothing dropped at all.’
At least there'd be a chance for a jackpot next time. 
“Sir, there’s a portal open! Are we leaving right away?”
“Of course.”
I led my companions towards the portal. 
There was absolutely no hesitation in my steps. 
This Rift is a joke. One Slime essence is all it yielded. 
What kind of trash room is this? 
“You have entered the 1st Floor Crystal Cave.”
Let's get out of here quickly. 
No point in staying longer and attracting bad luck. 
***
After breaking out of the Rift, we moved swiftly. 
We had no business left in the lower floors, so we headed upwards, reaching our target floor on the 26th day. 
“You have entered the 6th Floor Great Ocean.”
The starting island of Lymeia. 
Unlike last time, it wasn't bustling with adventurers and soldiers. The same went for the warships that had crammed the shoreline. 
It was a natural occurrence as the expeditionary force heading to the Dark Continent departed on the 25th day. 
Actually, we'd intentionally arrived a day late, precisely for this reason. 
“Now, let's head to the coast.”
There was no point in wasting time on an empty island, so we went straight to the coast. 
Then, I took the ship out of my subspace. 
It was a stark contrast to the previous vessel—a ship that had required oars as it lacked sails. 
‘Man, this is what I call a real ship.’
It was similar in size and shape to the fishing boats commonly seen in Korea. 
A large, rectangular sail occupied the center of the ship, and a magic propulsion system was attached to the bottom of the rear, so I could just throw in magic stones to boost the speed when needed. 
In other words, as long as I had enough magic stones, even calm zones were no obstacle. 
‘Though, I wonder if we'll even encounter a calm zone without a navigator.’
The three of us boarded the ship, and Amelia, swallowing nervously, stood before the helm. 
But was she a bit hesitant? Erwen, cautiously expressing her apprehension, asked, 
“Can that girl actually steer this ship properly, even though she’s not a navigator?”
“She said she had experience steering smaller ships before, so she’d be much better than me—who only has experience rowing. She also said she learned the basic controls when buying the ship.”
“Hmm…”
“Right, Amelia?”
“Don’t talk to me. I’m thinking.”
“…”
Ugh, is this going to get scary all of a sudden? 
Amelia, who had been staring intently at the helm, as if running simulations in her head, began giving orders. 
“First, we need to… row away from the island. That’s how we could catch the wind.”
“Could…?”
“If you have a problem with that, you can—”
“No, I’m fine. I'll do as I’m told.”
“…”
Instead of micromanaging her, I decided to follow her instructions faithfully, despite her amateurish maneuvering. 
Of course, I wasn't going to row uselessly. 
Why else would I buy this ship at such an expensive price? 
Swoosh-!
I inserted magic stones into the pipe connected to the magic propulsion system, and the ship began to surge forward. 
“…Ugh!”
Amelia seemed startled by the faster speed than she expected, but quickly regained her composure and turned the helm to change direction. 
Then…
“Now, now! The sails! Unfurl the sails!”
As soon as the sails were unfurled, the ship truly caught the wind and sailed forward. 
Whew, good, somehow we managed to make it work. 
“What's the direction?”
“We're heading east, don't worry.”
“Okay…”
Amelia let out a sigh of relief at my words. 
Even so, her hands were gripping the helm tightly. 
It was a refreshing sight.
The girl who showed no hesitation when killing people was so nervous about this. 
“I can see it already.”
After about 15 minutes of sailing east, an island appeared on the horizon. 
Gurk Island, located closer to the starting point than Parune Island—where I'd clashed with the Stormgush. 
Truthfully, there was no real reason to visit this island. 
The monsters that spawn there are low-grade, and they all appear in lower floors anyway. 
I'd already finished gaining EXP from them ages ago. 
But…
‘There’s no navigator on board, so it can’t be helped.’
With our navigation skills, it was almost impossible to travel in a straight line to our desired destination, so we had no choice but to gradually move forward, visiting each island. 
Well, there was another reason, too. 
“…Sir, are you okay?”
“…”
Ugh, this damn seasickness. 
Sure, it's better than before, but my stomach is still churning, making it hard to bear. 
“Schweitz, if you’re uncomfortable, we can take a break and then depart.”
“Please.”
We stopped the ship near the shore and took a break. 
That's the good thing about having a Barbarian body. 
Even if I get seasick badly, it only takes 10 minutes to recover. 
“Alright, let’s set sail again.”
After recovering, we once again went through the same process and set sail. 
Our next destination was the second island on the eastern route, Anos. 
“It'll take us about three hours by ship, will we be able to make it there properly?”
“Don't worry. It said just to keep going in a north-northeast direction.”
“Who said?”
“The book.”
Erwen, who'd never participated in this kind of haphazard navigation, looked doubtful again. 
However, Amelia seemed to have a knack for sailing—after about three hours, an island appeared in the distance. 
Amelia clenched her fist. 
“We found it.”
“But why is the island visible to the east, not directly in front of us?”
“That’s within the margin of error.”
Right, it is within the margin of error. 
Amelia turned the helm, and soon we arrived at Anos Island. 
Unlike Gurk Island, which we skipped, this island had a purpose for us. 
There weren't any hidden pieces or hidden treasures, but we still needed to gain the EXP we hadn't acquired yet. 
Also, it was getting late, so we planned to spend the night here. 
But before that…
“WEEEEEEEK-!”
Let’s clear our stomachs first. 
***
“You have slain a Raffle Monkey. EXP +3.”
“You have slain a War Snake. EXP +4.”
“You have slain a Nigel Fencer. EXP +4.”
“You have slain a Belgaro. EXP +5.”
“You have slain a Black Tree… ”
“…”
***
Anos Island, where 99% of the island, excluding the shoreline, was covered in jungle. 
We camped on the coast for the night and began our exploration in earnest the next day. 
By the time we finished gaining EXP, having circled the entire island, it was getting dark again, so we had to camp for another night. 
‘Well, I thought we could catch everything in half a day and head to the next island.’
The last monster we hunted was largely responsible for our messed-up schedule. 
It was so difficult to find that we had to keep searching until nightfall, even after circling the entire island. 
“Sir, the stars are really pretty, don't you—”
Rumble, rumble, rumble!
“You’re sleeping…”
We stayed for another night, and the next morning, we set sail early for the next island—and thankfully, we arrived at our destination without a hitch. 
And this process continued…
“It’s already the seventh island.”
“It’s called Pione Island, right?”
We reached the seventh island on the eastern route in ten days. 
Honestly, it was quite remarkable. 
We'd come this far without any mishap, despite having a navigator who could only go forward, stop, and park. 
‘I thought we’d miss a turn or two.’
Maybe steering a ship is easier than I thought? 
Nowadays, I'm learning how to steer the ship by watching Amelia, observing her process step-by-step. 
The seasickness is starting to subside, too. 
“Wow, the island is really pretty, just as I heard.”
“Erwen, is this your first time here?”
“Yes. I usually skipped over it.”
“Well, it's a waste of time if you’re unlucky.”
Pione Island, the seventh island on the eastern route. 
A place that adventurers often call Treasure Island. 
Unlike the other islands that had a mountain at their center, the land here is relatively flat, and the area is small enough to circle the entire island in about three hours. 
By the way, only one type of Grade 4 monster spawns here… 
“Are we just going to skip this one too?”
“It’s getting late, so we'll just stay one night.”
Erwen looked a bit happy when she heard my response. 
I mean, there’s practically no chance of encountering any monsters on this island. 
It'd be like winning the lottery if we ran into one. 
“Sir! We have some time before nightfall, let’s explore the island together! Please?”
“…Alright, if it’s that.”
“I'll come too, just in case it gets dangerous.”
After landing on the island, I put the ship into subspace and wandered around, getting familiar with the terrain. 
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.
The sea breeze gently caressed our bodies. 
An expansive field spread out before us, filled with colorful flowerbeds. 
“Not bad.”
I unconsciously let out a compliment, and Erwen grinned in agreement. 
“Hoo-hoo, right?”
“Yeah, it's open on all sides, so we can easily spot any raiders approaching while we sleep.”
“…? ”
Erwen tilted her head in confusion for a moment, but this was an important point. 
It's not for nothing that this island is called Treasure Island. 
Even though most high-level adventurers have joined the war and gone to the 7th Floor, it's unlikely that there’s absolutely no adventurer on this island. 
This island is the only place—aside from Rifts—where you can acquire Number items. 
“We've scouted enough, let’s set up camp over there. There's a good spot I saw earlier.”
“Oh, okay…”
We were all seasoned adventurers, capable of handling a hundred men each, so camp setup was finished quickly. 
After setting Amelia’s clone as a lookout, we went to sleep. 
And how much time had passed? 
“Schweitz, wake up.”
Amelia shook me awake. 
I rubbed my sleepy eyes and checked the surroundings—Erwen had also woken up and was holding a bow. 
There was only one possible scenario. 
It’d be more plausible for someone to attack us than to encounter a monster on this island. 
“How many?”
Skipping unnecessary conversations, I asked only the crucial information, and Amelia answered briefly. 
“Fifteen.”
“A clan unit, then.”
Uninvited guests showed up in the middle of the night. 