## Treasure Hunter (5)
The moment I slipped the ring onto my finger, a flash of light startled me.  However, I quickly recovered, my attention drawn to the color.
“Yellow…,” I murmured, my mouth watering with anticipation.  This color meant only one thing: something, either positive or negative, was impacting my future, and it was close.
“Erwen, anything around us?”
I spoke in a low voice, and Erwen, without a word, focused her senses on our surroundings.
“One of the people from before is here.”
“When did they arrive?”
“I don’t know. But…they seem to be lurking in the shadows, so they haven’t just arrived. Their breathing is steady….” 
Erwen trailed off, then continued. “Ah, they’re talking now.  It sounds like they’re using a message stone.  They’re saying they got a Numbers item and asking how long until they arrive.”
No wonder the ring was glowing.  It seemed they’d witnessed everything, even the capture of the Raphlemimic…
“They must have sent a scout.  Erwen, keep an eye on that area. We’ll pack up camp.”
“Yes.”
After leaving Erwen to guard our flank, I quickly gathered our belongings, preparing for our departure.  However, they were faster than we were.
“People have arrived.”
“How many?”
“Eighteen in total. Ah, they’re discussing what to do with us now.”
“Right, so… what are we going to do?”
“I don’t know.  It sounds like they used magic, the sound cut out halfway. I’m sorry….”
“Don’t apologize.  Whatever happens, we’ll find out soon enough.”
As if on cue, an unnatural light burst from their hiding place, illuminating the area.
“Hey there, friend!  What was your name again? I think I forgot to ask earlier.”
Forgot to ask?  Bull.  They didn’t even introduce themselves.
“Well, I don’t think we’re close enough for introductions.”
“Ha, you’re shy, aren’t you?”
The man laughed, but his eyes remained cold.  His hand was on his hip, his posture tense and slightly off-balance.  That was the spot closest to the weapon at his waist.
“So, what’s your business?”
“One of our members, on patrol, happened to witness you capturing the Raphlemimic.”
“Quite a coincidence.”
“Isn’t that how life is? Anyway, let’s cut to the chase.  Hand over your loot from earlier.”
“Why should I?”
“As I said, this area is our clan’s territory. I believe you agreed earlier.”
“Agreed?”
My initial reaction was a scoff, but their perspective wasn’t entirely unreasonable.  They’d likely been searching this island for the Raphlemimic for days.  And here we were, explorers who’d simply stopped by and taken the prize.
But, what to do?
“You wanted us to leave early, and we agreed to that.  That was the entire agreement.”
We hadn’t actually discussed the loot.
“Sophistry.”
“Not sophistry, but common sense.”
“….”
The man’s jaw clenched, making a cracking sound.  I could sense his frustration.  He’d assumed we’d agreed to that.  Or maybe he never thought a monster would appear on the island in a single night.
“In the Labyrinth, there are unspoken rules. If you violate our rights, there will be no one to blame us if we harm you.”
A blatant threat, but I stared him down, my gaze unwavering.  He met my eyes, refusing to back down.
“….”
“….”
The tension was thick, like a coiled spring.  Either of us could pull out a weapon at any moment.
Gulp.
The silence dragged on, and the group behind him gripped their weapons.  My response would dictate their next move.
But I wouldn’t be deterred.
“I don’t know any unspoken rules.”
My voice was firm.  “Anyone trying to take what’s mine is a bandit.”
“…You choose to fight.”
He shrugged, not paying attention.
“I’ve heard that before.  Where do you think they all are?”
“….”
“Well, at least things are clear now.”
I delivered my final statement.
“What are you waiting for? If you want to fight, fight.  If you want to talk, leave.  You’re in my way.”
This was a different game entirely than our first encounter.  Back then, I’d simply stated that we would leave early, and he’d patronized us, butting in.  Now, he was frozen, unsure what to do, facing my uncompromising stance.
He was probably uneasy.  He had five times as many men, yet we were this confident.  They couldn’t understand why.
‘And Erwen is part of the reason.’
He hasn’t recognized her yet.  But he’d heard about the elf archer killing the Raphlemimic with a single arrow.  He knows we’re not just some random group.
“….”
But despite all that, he seemed hesitant to make a decision, probably because he’s in front of his clan.
Therefore….
“If you can’t decide, I’ll help you.”
“……?”
“If you’re still here after three, I’ll take it as a challenge.”
“…What?”
He looked like he’d been told something ridiculous, but his face paled when I started counting.
“Three.”
“……!”
“Two.”
I didn’t dawdle.  I counted faster than real time.  And as I was about to say the final number…
“…There’s no need to shed unnecessary blood.”
He had raised the white flag.
***
“Captain!  Why did you retreat!”
A Huntsman Clan member’s shout made the clan captain, Eckshia Melic, frown.  One of his lieutenants stepped forward to speak for him.
“They hunted the Raphlemimic without a mage. At least the elf archer is a rank 3 explorer.  From what I’ve seen, the other two are probably similar.”
“Even if they’re all rank 3 explorers, we have far more men!”
“Remilton, have you ever fought a rank 3 explorer? They’re monsters.”
“But, they didn’t have a mage!  We could have won with our numbers!”
“Even then, we’d have lost half our men.  Do you think a Numbers item is worth that much?”
“Well…,” the man who’d first objected to the lieutenant’s argument trailed off.  
A real division began.
“But if this gets out, we’ll be laughed at everywhere we go.”
“This hasn’t happened yet, and even if it did, I believe the Captain’s decision was right.”
“But who is that elf?  She killed the Raphlemimic in one shot….”
“If it was a silver-haired woman… could it be the Blood Princess? The one they call Blood Princess?”
“If it truly was her, we could have been in serious trouble.”
“Blood Princess? What are you all talking about?  That madwoman, why would she be here?  She’s gone mad with war, even now, she’s probably hacking people to pieces.”
They argued back and forth, their sharp voices rising.  It was only a matter of time before those who agreed with each other formed factions.
Just then…
“Captain! They’re leaving the island on a ship!”
A scout reported, and the quarreling members all looked to their leader.  They wanted to know what he’d do.
Eckshia Melic sighed, making sure no one saw.
‘Damn it.’
Leading a clan was like captaining a ship.  Even if a storm raged, waves crashed, and lightning struck, the captain had to show their resilience.
Therefore…
“Enough, everyone. Pack your things.”
He had made his decision.
“Captain, what about….”
“We’re going after them.”
The radicals’ faces lit up.  The moderates, however, showed their concern.
“But they’re a formidable force.”
Three explorers, estimated to be at least rank 3.
But the captain didn’t worry too much.
“I understand your concern.  On land, maybe.  But we wouldn’t lose in a sea battle, would we?”
“Of course, that’s why you let them go so easily!”
The radicals were impressed by the captain’s strategy, and even the other side seemed to agree.  They had confidence in their ability to fight at sea.
But they likely had a lingering question.
“Even so… is a Numbers item worth that much?”
A member asked hesitantly.  Eckshia Melic chuckled and replied.
“Sure, one Numbers item wouldn’t make it worthwhile.”
“So…?”
“But, it’s unlikely they only had that one.”
The Huntsman Clan.  Now, they were stuck on this island looking for treasure, but once, they were pirates.  Ranging across the 6th floor sea.  Hunting people, making money.
***
The dawn was approaching.
Swoosh!
The wind whipped against the sails, propelling the ship forward.  In the west, a constellation twinkled against the dusky sky, and in the east, the rising sun, though hidden behind the horizon, was faintly felt.  
It was a pretty sight.
Sadly, we couldn’t afford to relax and enjoy it.
“Sir, there are ships following us. Three of them, no insignia.”
The pursuit started the moment we left the island.
I knew who they were.
‘They never intended to let us leave.’
No wonder the yellow light appeared, then things ended so quickly.  They likely let us go on purpose, intending to do this.  They have three ships, which means they’re pretty good at sea battles.  They probably decided that they’d have a better chance of fighting us at sea.
Of course, there was one thing I didn’t understand.
‘Why did the ring glow yellow instead of red?’
If we were going to be attacked, red would have been enough, wouldn’t it?  What positive thing could happen in this situation?
My thoughts were interrupted by Amelia speaking to me.
“Schuitz, what are we going to do?”
“We can’t outrun them, can we?”
“Probably not.”
These ships were built for speed.  Even with our magic propulsion activated, they were closing the distance.
Therefore, we only had one option.
“Emily, stop putting in stones.  It’s a shame, but we’re fighting.”
“You mean we’re going to fight?”
“What else can we do?”
Amelia said nothing, simply releasing the helm and lowering the sails.  I helped her lower the sails, and the ship, which had been propelled by the wind, slowed considerably.
And then….
Whoooosh!
The three ships, cutting through the waves, came into my sight.  The middle ship was the most striking.
“….”
It was three times the size of our ship.  It had magic cannons on the sides and front, and three sails.  And what’s more?
It had an icebreaker mounted on the bow.
It wasn’t quite a royal warship, but it was probably a rank 2 lower.  
“Schuitz, if they fire their cannons, our ship won’t last long.”
Amelia worried, and I couldn’t blame her.  We’d be sunk in a sea battle against this ship.
But….
Churp.
I licked my lips and checked my signal ring.  The yellow light had faded long ago.
But now I understand.  Why the yellow light, and not red.
“What a big, sturdy ship.”
It wasn’t just monsters who spat out treasure in the Labyrinth.