## Chapter 380: Atlantis (3) 
The subterranean island of Atlantis. Located in the Grand Rock of the Far East Sea, it's the site of the second core essence following the [Gigantification]. Finding this place isn't overly difficult.
You'll need a vessel capable of navigating to the Grand Rock, the ability to freely dive deep into the sea, whether through magic, spirit, or skills, and most importantly, the perseverance to endure the monotonous labor. With these three things, finding Atlantis is a relatively simple task. 
"From here on, it's all about grinding." 
Having reached the Grand Rock, we cautiously steered our vessel, navigating around the reefs and exploring the surrounding area. There was a specific task that needed to be done before we could access the subterranean island. 
“Do you happen to know where our destination is…?” 
The navigator couldn't contain his curiosity and asked, and after a brief pause, I answered. I decided there was no need to keep it a secret anymore. 
"Yes? A red rock island...?” 
The navigator tilted his head in confusion at my answer.
"That's right. It's about the size for twenty people to climb onto." 
With each time the labyrinth opens, three red rock islands are randomly generated on the Grand Rock. You need to complete the unlock events on all three islands to reveal the hidden subterranean island.
“…Understood.” 
Surprisingly, the navigator didn't question my instructions. 
"So you were heading there." 
It seemed he knew something about the subterranean island event. 
Surprisingly, many people are unaware of it. I guess the navigator has been doing this for a long time.
"I'll prioritize our search and optimize our route as much as possible."
"Ah, I'll leave that to you."
The navigator, now aware of my goal, steered the ship with more proactive actions. On the fourth day, we finally found the rock island we were searching for.
Splash.
A flat rock island submerged to the ankles. 
Moving towards the center of the island, we found a crack that contained a cluster of ostrich egg-sized, neatly arranged eggs. 
“Eggs? What do we do with these now?” 
Erwin, who followed close behind, asked curiously, and I chuckled. 
It's like all the hidden elements of [Dungeon & Stone]. 
Crack-!
Smash anything that looks suspicious. 
That's what exploration is all about, right? 
*** 
“Character has destroyed Mermal’s nest.” 
*** 
How long did it take to smash all the eggs, leaving not a single one?
“I can feel a response coming.”
"Yes?"
“Prepare for battle!” 
As soon as I yelled, sea monsters began to emerge from the depths of the water, starting from below the rock island. 
Hmm, maybe it’s a bit unfair to call them sea monsters?
Splash.
I examined the monster staring at us, trident in hand. 
First of all, it's bipedal and proportionally close to humans. 
However, the texture of its blue skin resembled scales, and its shimmering body was covered in glowing tattoos. 
Furthermore, its important body parts were covered with cloth, and its hairstyles were unique and diverse, making them a contrast to the monotonous, identical-looking monsters.
Well, they still possessed a beastly intelligence. 
[Kyaa-aaaak-!] 
A savage howl, devoid of any recognizable language system. 
The monsters, who had surrounded us from all sides, simultaneously charged towards us. 
And...
“Character has defeated Mermal. EXP +3.”
“Character has defeated Mermal Warrior. EXP +3.”
“Character has defeated Mermal Archer. EXP +3.”
“Character has defeated Mermal Shaman. EXP +3.”
“Character has defeated Mermal Grand Warrior. EXP +4.”
With a variety of classes, new experience points poured in. 
The difficulty level of the battle itself wasn't that high. 
It was an event where hundreds of monsters attacked, but their average level was still below 6.
Crack, Crack, Crack-!
With [Gigantification], my threat level was increased, attracting most of the aggro. The hunt ended smoothly without anyone getting hurt.
However, perhaps my actions left an impression?
“To do something like that against those monsters… we deserved that outcome.”
The mage muttered, seemingly disappointed, and the navigator nodded in agreement.
Goodness, regret is always late, no matter how soon it comes.
“Mage, if you have time to play around, collect the magic stones.”
“…As you wish.”
After the battle ended, we used the mage to collect the magic stones scattered everywhere.
“The essence is here, what do we do with it?”
"Leave it be. It won’t fetch much if we sell it."
"...."
Although Mermal’s essence appeared, we didn’t bother collecting it. 
The mage is here, along with the vials he carries, but it's simply not cost-effective, you know? 
We couldn't waste two vials on this.
Drr-drr-drr. 
What's this? Why is the ground shaking?
"Mister?"
"Hold on."
We were about to get back on the ship when we paused and watched the situation unfold. The tremor, which travelled across the sea level, continued for about a minute and then stopped as if nothing had happened.
But, I knew the cause of this phenomenon.
"A submarine city is emerging from the depths somewhere."
Could it be that someone unlocked another rock island?
If so, there’s no need to waste time looking for the other two?
"Should we call this luck...?”
I couldn't clearly assess the situation.
It’s good that we saved time on the grind, but the fact that the events of the other two islands have been completed means only one thing.
There is a competitor aiming for the subterranean island. 
Of course, it’s not 100% certain yet. 
They might have simply cleared the event while passing through and moved on to another place. 
But…
“We’ll know when we get there.”
I decided to deal with this issue later.
There’s no way I’m changing plans just because someone is competing. 
“Now, how about the team members…? “ 
I thought about it again for the last time, and I concluded that it's better to bring everyone along. 
We need vials for essences that we can’t eat.
The mage is a must.
And the same goes for Erwin, who can solve our underwater breathing issues, and Amelia, who’s essential in finding the subterranean island. 
Well, we can manage without the navigator...
"It's just a bit unsettling to leave him behind."
“Mage, can you cast the diving spell?”
"Yes, but...."
"How long can it last?"
"Can you tell me assuming how many people you’ll cast it on?"
“Including you, three.”
Erwin and I can solve the pressure and breathing problems with [Spirit Binding], so we only need to cover three people with the spell. 
We could solve Amelia’s breathing problem with the Water Spirit, but if we want to maintain [Spirit Binding] as long as possible, it’s better to minimize resource consumption.
"For four hours maximum, assuming I don't cast other spells."
“It's shorter than I expected, but that should be enough. Everyone get ready. We'll all go down together."
"...."
The navigator and the mage swallowed their saliva and nodded at my order.
Goodness, you’re being overly dramatic.
You’re not going to fight, anyway.
Splash.
I was the first to jump into the water after finishing our preparations. 
Since Erwin and I have already completed the [Spirit Binding] link, I didn’t feel any claustrophobia even though I was underwater. 
My vision is clear as if I’m wearing goggles.
Woo-oo-oo-ng.
Without needing to actually swim, the body of a barbarian, naturally designed to sink, quickly descended into the sea. 
Looking up, I saw Amelia following us.
She’s holding the ropes tied around the navigator and the mage’s waists, like reins.
Oh, and by the way, the navigator’s feet were bound with heavy iron shackles.
Kwoong-!
After sinking for more than ten minutes, my feet finally touched the ground with a heavy thud. I waited a moment, and soon Amelia and the others arrived.
Click.
It was so dark that I couldn’t see anything, so I activated the Light Gem and placed it in the helmet’s slot.
Oh, the reason I didn’t turn it on beforehand is simple. 
Monsters will attack you while you descend if the light is on.
Swa-aaaaaaa-!
The light emitted from the gem, although it spreads much more narrowly than on land, was still enough to illuminate the area.
Whik, Whik.
Even though we don’t have breathing problems, that doesn’t mean we can talk aloud. I waved my hand, gesturing for everyone to move quickly.
The dark abyss where compasses don’t work.
But finding our destination wasn’t difficult.
After all, we have Amelia, our guide.
“Character has defeated Deep Diver. EXP +4.”
“Character has defeated Sea Worm. EXP +3.”
“Character has defeated Shell Armor. EXP +4.”
“Character has defeated Mad Clopter. EXP +5.”
“Character has defeated Mari …. ”
We continued to move for about two hours, defeating various sea monsters attracted by the light. Then, we arrived at our destination.
The ruins, submerged in water, corroded and destroyed.
As we stepped inside, pillars that retained their form as best as they could emitted light, illuminating the surroundings.
Swa-aaaaaaa-…
The magnificent temple, located at the heart of the ruins, emerged from the darkness.
[Wow….]
Erwin, the only one in our group who could freely communicate, gasped.
Honestly, I felt the same way, even if I couldn’t say it out loud. 
“It’s so much grander than it is in the 2D graphics.”
It truly feels like a proper exploration for the first time in a while. 
If we hadn’t known about this place through the game and had stumbled upon it by chance, the thrill would have been far more intense. 
Whik, Whik.
We paused to admire the magnificent temple from afar, but we soon continued on, passing through the empty ruins and ascending the stairs to the temple interior. 
And… 
[Huh…?]
A small chamber located at the peak of the pyramid-shaped temple.
Erwin’s eyes widened in wonder.
[It’s a portal…?]
Didn’t I tell you?
I had expected her to know this, considering that Amelia was leading the way as our guide. 
Since I couldn’t answer anyway, I shrugged and walked towards the portal.
"Character has entered Atlantis."
Please let the essence drop all at once.
***
Subterranean Island Atlantis.
A hidden island that can be accessed by unlocking the rock island events and diving deep into the sea.
Unlike regular islands, you have to pass through a portal, but this doesn't mean that this island is a ‘rift.’
Because the most important guardian doesn’t appear here. 
The drop rate is the same as outside.
Because there is no guardian, there are no Rift stones or Numbered items here.
That’s why I usually call places like this ‘hidden fields.’
Some good examples would be ‘Larkaz’s Labyrinth,’ where I first encountered the Dragon Slayer, or ‘The Other World,’ which I entered using the mirror I obtained after defeating Milaloden on the fifth floor.
“Field Effect - Atlantis Applied.” 
“Status Ailment [Hyperventilation] Applied.” 
“Unaffected by water, but all resource consumption increased by 2x.”
“Status Ailment [Challenger] Applied.”
“Cannot escape when battle occurs.”
As usual for these special fields, the environment changed as soon as we entered.
A shimmering red aura on the ground under my feet.
“This must be the ‘Challenger’ effect…”
As for ‘Hyperventilation,’ there’s no effect, but it’s already active.
Proof of that is the fact that I can actually talk properly now.
"You can drop [Spirit Binding] now."
Phew, finally able to breathe properly. 
Using only gestures to communicate was driving me crazy. 
[Yes? But….]
Erwin flinched, trailing off. 
[What? Mister, you’re talking underwater?]
"Didn't I tell you? It’s fine now."
[This place is amazing….]
Once Erwin dropped [Spirit Binding], the mage looked at me and canceled his diving magic. 
"This is quite a strange feeling. It’s definitely the sensation of being underwater, but there's no feeling of discomfort. It’s no different from moving on land."
Amelia, as always, checked her condition as soon as the environment changed.
"This is Atlantis…"
“I've been on the sixth floor for over ten years, but this is the first time I’ve actually come here…”
The mage and the navigator expressed their admiration with a sense of excitement.
But maybe they got a bit anxious afterwards? 
“Um… what about us? We won't be much help in battle…”
The navigator asked cautiously, and I chuckled, giving him an order.
“All four of you stay here and follow slowly in five minutes.”
“…Yes?”
The navigator looked confused, and the mage just frowned.
And…
"슈이츠, you said that monsters up to level 3 could spawn here?"
"Yes. That’s right. Even with your strength, Mister, you can't do this alone…"
Amelia and Erwin expressed their concerns.
It's a reasonable reaction.
The difficulty level of the subterranean island is among the highest on the sixth floor.
There are so many monsters that they’re usually tackled in groups of expedition teams. 
But…
"Don't worry. When have I ever faced a dangerous situation alone?"
“…Yes."
“It’s difficult to even find an instance where I didn’t.”
…Goodness, you’re making me feel embarrassed. 
“Anyway, there’s no need to worry. Just because you can breathe and talk properly doesn't mean we’re not underwater.” 
"Well, that's true."
“Just call for me if things get dangerous! Okay?”
Once I offered a reasonable explanation, Erwin and Amelia stopped talking and let me go. 
Okay, so we're all set.
T