## Chapter 382: Us (1)
"What the hell… why is he here?" 
The thought didn't even register initially. My heart pounded wildly, more intensely than when I fought the Deep Sea Giants, and my head felt numb, as if an eight-ton truck had slammed into the back of it. My mind cleared only after he spoke. 
"Wow, you're something else. You actually caught him alone?"
Though I'd interacted with him a few times before, his voice and tone were impossible to forget. 'Baekho.'
As I realized this was real, the old man beside him came into focus. 'The Doombringer.'  Two figures stood before me. 'From that fight where we were pulling each other's teeth out, he's now allies with Baekho?'
My mind raced. Forget about them becoming allies, why were they here? Could they be here for me? No, more importantly, what happened to Erwin and Amelia? I had simply told them to wait until I returned.
"That's amazing. I've never heard of someone like you before."
"Of course you haven't. There was that guy who made headlines recently."
The Doombringer interrupted, and Baekho nodded in recognition, "Right, there was. Looks like he's similar to you."
"It's still too early to be certain, you see."
"We can figure that out later. Hey, are you the guy who calls himself 'Schweiz' or something?"
It was incredibly rude for an initial encounter, but I felt a sense of relief.  '…He's not here for me.'
Baekho's goal wasn't me. If that was the case, then perhaps… 'His target is this space itself.'  I'd been on edge about a 'competitor' who cleared the Rock Island event, and it might have been them. 'This encounter must have been a pure coincidence…' 
Just as that thought crossed my mind, he spoke.
"Don't you have something to say?"
Ah, what a brat.
"Why don't you reveal your identities first?"
He smirked at my question as if he liked it. "Baekho. What about you?"
"It's who you think it is."
"Wow, this is crazy. I actually ran into a celebrity here."
"Celebrity?"
"You're the guy who fought four Noirks in a 1-on-4, right? Someone like that falls from the sky, how could they not be famous? Plus, the Bloodling Queen, that fairy girl, seems to be very fond of you."
I had no arguments. The population density in the Labyrinth drops exponentially as you go higher. Even on the 7th floor, you'd meet someone you knew after only a few steps.  The sudden appearance of a powerful individual whose name and face were unknown was bound to be strange. 
"Wait a minute, but this means that fairy girl is here too, doesn't it?"
"Now that you mention it, the mage is nowhere to be seen. I guess she must've used teleportation and we missed each other."
Their conversation brought me another wave of relief. It meant Erwin and Amelia were safe.
"So, what do you want?"
I asked as I slowly walked towards the energy core. If a fight breaks out, I plan to immediately consume this core.  It may be a different color, but it should be useful right now. 
"Stop right there." 
Baekho suddenly spoke to me, his tone playful, "Don't touch the energy core."
'Energy core?'  This was a clue to analyze the current situation. Baekho's objective: the Deep Sea Giant's energy core. 
Normally, my deductions would end there, but my survival instincts forced my brain to question something I might've overlooked. 'Why would he come all the way here to get it, instead of going to the 9th floor where dozens of Deep Sea Giants spawn?' 
There were two possibilities. 
[Did you say your brother cleared the 10x boss? I think you'll be at a similar level in about 10 years. I've reached my peak and can't really get any stronger... ]
Maybe Baekho's actual level wasn't that high, contrary to what he said to me. Or, he might be unable to access the 9th floor.
툭. I halted my steps towards the energy core. I decided against getting any closer, unsure how this madman would react.  But…
"This is my loot."  It wasn't good to only show a submissive side. I asked in a slightly aggressive tone. Baekho raised his hand, gesturing for me to calm down.
"Whoa, whoa. What are you so sensitive for? I just wanted to see if we could make a deal."
"A deal?"
"I need that red energy core.  If it's not something you absolutely need, why don't we trade?"
Honestly, it didn't seem like something that should be traded.  I couldn't help but ask, "Why do you even want to make a deal?"
As evident by his rude attitude, Baekho looked down on me. Yet, why did he propose a 'deal'?  Why not just take it the easy way?
"Well, would you prefer I just kill you and take it?"
Baekho gave an unexpected answer.  "Honestly, I'm annoyed that I wasted my time… but you didn't do anything suspicious, and whining about someone being faster than you to grab it is just pathetic, isn't it?"
“…If I refuse your deal?"
"I don’t know, I guess I’ll be a little sad and come back again later?"
His way of thinking was too normal to understand. I was speechless, but in retrospect, it wasn't incomprehensible. He was, after all, aiming for a return to Earth. He’d have set up his own moral boundaries somehow, like I had.
"Fine."  The situation seemed calmer than expected.  I had prepared for a no-questions-asked, all-out brawl, but it seemed unlikely to happen. This deal itself wasn't bad for me.
"What do you offer in exchange for the core?"
He seemed to ponder my request for a moment, then uploaded an item to the trade window.  "Deep Sea Giant's energy core."
“…?”
"I've been hunting them regularly. I have a blue one and a green one—"
What?
I interrupted immediately, "I’ll take the green one."
One more piece of good news.  At least, for now. 