## Chapter 383: Us (2)
“Sir!”
Erwin appeared in the distance, just as I finished checking the essence.  She was leading the remaining members of the group towards me.  It seemed she had come to check on me, worried because I hadn't returned.  But I specifically told her to wait until I came back.
"Are you done? Are you injured anywhere?"
Erwin, who had quickly arrived in front of me, scrutinized my body from head to toe, her voice filled with worry. 
Amelia,  with the mage and navigator in tow, deliberately kept their distance, making sure our conversation wouldn't reach them. 
However, for some reason, I felt a strange sentiment in Amelia's actions.
‘She really wants to keep them alive, doesn’t she.’
For some inexplicable reason, I sensed a hidden motivation in Amelia's behavior.  
Is ignorance truly bliss? 
If they knew too much about us, their chances of survival would diminish. 
Amelia was deliberately making sure they wouldn't hear anything. Perhaps she realized that the reason I had them follow from a distance was the same.
‘Anyway, judging by their expressions, they seem completely oblivious to the visit of Baekho or the Destroyer.’
Thankfully, they hadn’t disobeyed my order to wait, even though they knew of the approaching danger.  Or perhaps it was a blessing in disguise. If a fight had broken out, having more allies would have tipped the scales in our favor.  Due to the field effect ‘Challenger’, even if a battle were to erupt, escaping wouldn’t be possible. 
Erwin and Amelia are no longer like our former comrades, requiring unwavering protection. 
Now, they are capable of handling themselves, ready to fight and stand on their own two feet in any situation.
"But… I sensed magic here on our way. What was that?"
Erwin, who had recognized the multi-teleportation spell, cautiously posed her question. 
I hesitated for a moment before giving a vague answer.
"I’m not sure, myself."
"Really? Well… I heard that special magic waves occur periodically in fissures and places like this."
As expected, Erwin accepted my explanation without much doubt. 
She must have thought it possible, considering this field was little-known.  Or perhaps, she truly believed I wouldn’t lie.  Her trust made me feel slightly uneasy.
But…….
‘It’s still better this way.’
The Destroyer was the one who killed Erwin’s elder sister, Daria. Not as an assistant, but as a direct participant in her death.  But to explain Baekho, I would inevitably have to mention the Destroyer, too. 
I didn’t want to disturb Erwin’s fragile mental state, which was slowly recovering.  
‘If I leave out the Destroyer, there’s no point in mentioning Baekho.’
After exchanging a few more words with Erwin, Amelia joined us with the navigator and mage.  
She asked, omitting the subject pronoun:
“Shwietz, did you get what you wanted?”
“Yes, fortunately.”
For now, I’ll just keep it at that.  I’ll tell them about the deal later.
***
After the conversation subsided, we resumed our exploration. 
We had only traveled in a straight line, so we missed many other areas. 
The other regions are likely teeming with monsters. Some are still uncaptured, and some possess valuable essences that can be sold at a high price. 
Therefore…….
Thump.
I took the lead, stepping forward.
“I’ll go first, you follow behind me.”
Our hunting method remained the same. 
I would open the path, slaying all the monsters, while they followed behind, gathering the crystals. 
However…….
‘I should try some experiments along the way.’
Now that I’ve acquired a new essence, I intend to conduct some performance tests as we explore. 
I still haven’t fully adapted to the stat increase.
‘Clearly, the increase from a level 3 essence is noticeable.’
The Deep Sea Giant’s essence included some unusual stats, which amplified the sense of strangeness.
[Deep Sea Giant]
Strength +55, Physical Resistance +35, Natural Regeneration +35, Magic Resistance +35, Darkness Resistance +55, Endurance +40, Adaptation +70
The physical stats are evenly distributed at a typical level 3, with most values being high.
However, it’s difficult to consider it rare.  
While the stats are good, they are commonly found in many essences. 
Except for ‘Adaptation’, the last stat.
‘In the game, the effect decreased gradually based on the duration of the debuff. But…’
In reality, the feeling was slightly different.
Of course, the previous description still applies, but…….
Thump, Thump.
Perhaps due to the ‘Adaptation’ stat, walking in the water felt slightly easier.  
Though it wasn’t originally considered a limitation, now, if I wasn’t focused, I wouldn’t even feel the sensation of being submerged. 
Well, if this wasn’t a place where the effects of water are nullified, and I was just simply diving, it wouldn’t be nearly this easy.
‘Now, let’s check the passives.’
To test the passive I hadn’t properly experimented with before, I used the ‘Gigantification’ skill.  The Deep Sea Giant’s passive skill only activates in response to ‘Transformation’ abilities.
「The character has used ‘Gigantification’.」
「The character’s physique increases, raising their Threat Level and physical stats proportionally to their size.」
‘Gigantification’ increases the ‘Threat Level’, which attracts monster aggro, as the character’s size grows by 1.77 times.
「The character has used a Transformation ability.」
「Due to the effect of ‘Primordial Cell’, the spirit power consumption of the skill is halved, and the highest stat increases by 1.5 times.」
The ‘Primordial Cell’ effect is also added. 
Speaking of the highest stat in my build…
「The effect of ‘Primordial Cell’ is increased by 1.5 times due to ‘Transcendent Power’.」
「The character’s strength increases by 2.25 times.」
This is a difference from the shield-barbaric build I’ve often used.  Because I put in the Ogre’s essence instead of the Steel Giant’s essence (level 4), somehow, my Strength stat became higher than Physical Resistance.
‘Damn, this is going to make it hard to break through the level 3 Adaptive Skin.’
This is a concern only for now.  It’s not a major issue in the final build stage.  After eating the Bellarios essence, I’ll just focus on boosting the Physical Resistance.
「The physique increases in proportion to Strength.」
Just for the sake of it, I activated ‘Transcendence’ and used ‘Gigantification’.
Whoosh.
I lowered my head only to check below, and the ceiling of the ruin I used to have to look up at was now clearly visible.
‘This is over 6 meters, right?’
I’ll have to take accurate measurements later, but this is my best guess right now.  Even after accounting for the height reduction caused by the gacha essence, I'm significantly larger than before. 
However, even with such a massive increase in physique, my Strength stat remained similar to its pre-‘Transcendence’ activation.  It’s because the 2.25 times Strength multiplier was reduced to 1.5 times.
‘Still, other stats have all increased, so there’s no loss…’
The downside of using ‘Transcendence’ in active mode is actually not the stats, but rather the spirit power consumption. 
There is a considerable difference between 75% and 50%.
‘Well, with my current total MP, I can maintain the ‘Gigantification’ state indefinitely while ‘Transcendence’ is deactivated.’
In ‘Dungeon & Stone’, spirit power regeneration speed is proportional to the total amount of spirit power.  Currently, I am level 7, and I’ve maxed out spirit power from various sources, so my total spirit power is close to that of a skilled spirit mage.
‘I’ve finally reached the proper course.’
To adapt to my higher perspective, I kept ‘Transcendence’ active.  
Even underwater, being 6 meters tall is a feeling that truly stirs a man’s heart.
‘…I wonder how much taller I’ll be if I erase the gacha essence.’
It’s too soon, but I imagined it, myself, towering even higher in ‘Gigantification’ mode, my base height boosted from 185 to 225.
I’m sure I wouldn’t look out of place, even if I were to engage in a bare-handed wrestling match with Riachis, the level 3 dungeon lord.
Kwak, Kwak, Kwak-!
While envisioning such a future, I swung the hammer repeatedly.
Since ‘Transcendence’ can only activate one skill at a time, I'm using the ‘Danger Risk’ reflection damage to kill, or simply killing them directly.
「The character has used ‘Swing’.」
Since they'll regenerate anyway, I focus solely on swinging the hammer, ignoring defense.
「Liu Moby Dick has been slain. EXP +6」
Monsters turn to light and vanish, unable to withstand the giant demon crusher swung with the increased Strength stat.
However, I noticed my spirit power depleting rapidly due to the excessive use of ‘Swing’.  Therefore…….
「The character has used ‘Spirit Dive’.」
I activated the skill. 
‘Spirit Dive’, which belongs to the ‘Transformation’ category along with ‘Blade Torrent’, ‘Life Source’, and ‘Giant’s Blood’, is one of the seven active skills possessed by the Deep Sea Giant. 
This skill is also unique.
It’s an active skill, but it doesn’t consume spirit power.
Or rather, it’s the opposite.
Ssssuuuuppp.
As I inhaled deeply, the empty sensation began to fill.
「Spirit power regenerates proportionally to the spirit power used.」
An MP regeneration skill that doesn’t consume spirit power.
However, this skill has a cooldown.  
In the game, it was about 30 minutes, I think.
It may seem trivial, but it's an excellent skill.  
I can use it when I need it, and since I can regain spirit power during hunts, I can significantly reduce the amount of time I need to rest. 
‘And above all, it can counter that bastard…’.
The Dragon Slayer, Regal Bagos.
His dragon’s word, ‘Soul Silence’. 
This skill allows me to counter his dragon’s word.  Even in the state of soul exhaustion, I can use this one skill to return to my original condition.
‘Then, I’m more than prepared.’
I grinned, smashing the heads of sea monsters swarming from all sides.  A vow I had made long ago was flashing clearly in my mind.
[Can… you win?]
On the day I woke up in the body of a warrior with a cold heart, and for the first time, I experienced deep sorrow.
That day, I swallowed my helplessness and made a vow.
I will survive, no matter what.
And then, one day, when I won’t need luck anymore.
[We’ll meet again, Dragon.]
I swore that I would find him.
Kwak-!
The time has finally come.
***
It was the fifth day since we began hunting in the subterranean island.  I had completed the hunt for creatures that could only be found here.  However, I continued my hunt on the subterranean island.  Although there were other islands to conquer outside, I had a change of heart.
‘The crystal earnings are substantial.’
This is a special field, after all. 
Most special fields have a high difficulty level, which also means a hefty payout.  But for me, hunting here was easier than on the 5th floor.  
‘I’m not going to come back here again, even if I have to waste time searching for the rock island events.’ 
Anyway, while continuing my high-speed hunts, I was able to see quite a few essences.  And by pushing my luck a little further, I managed to store one level 4 essence in one of the two vials I had.
‘It would have been better if it had been the Deep Sea Giant.’
Although obtaining one level 4 essence is a significant achievement, I’m still a little disappointed.  There’s not just one Deep Sea Giant on this subterranean island. If you keep exploring, you might encounter them with a low probability, but all of them didn’t drop essences.  
This is actually quite normal.
Unlike the monster I encountered in the raging underwater shrine, the drop rate bonus does not apply to regular field mobs.
“Shwietz.”
As I was reminiscing about the past, Amelia approached and sat next to me. 
It seems she wants to talk about something.  
But it’s unlikely she wants to talk about taking a break.  
“The dungeon will close tomorrow.”
Ah, that’s what she wanted to talk about.  
A short statement, true to Amelia’s style, but it was easy to understand her underlying meaning.  
She even glanced at the navigator and mage who were asleep as she spoke. 
“What are you going to do?”
A much more direct question than before.  
She seems impatient because I’ve been silent, simply listening.  
“I’m killing the mage.”
It’s a simple conclusion.
I never intended to keep him alive.  
After all, mages are stubborn.
They are arrogant and proud and hold grudges for a long time.  
And most importantly...
“With the Mage Tower as his background, it would be difficult to control him if we return to the city.”
“I see.  Understood. What about…”
Amelia glanced at the navigator again, and I immediately stood up.  
And…….
Whoooosh-!
I stood behind the sleeping mage, holding the hammer high. 
It was a scenario I had experienced once before. 
When Hans A woke up from a nap, he was in the same position as me.  
Ah, of course, he and I are different. 
I succeeded.
Kwak-!
The mage’s body, unable to even utter a death rattle, slumped over as he was killed in his sleep.
“H-h-hiiiik!!”
The navigator woke up, startled by the sound, and jumped to his feet.  
And…….
“I-I-I’ll keep my mouth shut forever! I-I’ll quit my job as an explorer!”
He lowered his head, prostrating himself on the ground. 
Considering I’m standing here with a blood-stained hammer raised high, this is quite audacious behavior.  
‘…He’s definitely too good to kill.’
I turned to Amelia.  
She said nothing, but her eyes showed a deep desire to follow my decision. 
Therefore…….
“Emily.”
“Tell me.”
“Can you keep a close eye on him so he won't cause trouble back in the city?”
“Don’t worry about that.”
“Why?”
“Because I’ve already poisoned his food and only administered a daily antidote that will last for a day.” 
A calm statement, but for that very reason, it seemed even more reliable.
On the other hand, the navigator, unaware that his life was completely under control, flinched greatly.
“Hiik…!”
As I watched, I pondered further, then made my decision.
“Nguyen Rokrob, was it?”
“…Yes!”
“Listen to this woman from now on. Got it?”
“Yes! Of course!”
A veteran navigator (unpaid) has been added to the team.
]]]