## Chapter 384: Us (3)
"The Labyrinth has been closed."
"The character is moving to Lapdonia."
The sunlight of the city, a sight I hadn't seen in nearly two months. After spending the last of my time in the dark depths of Atlantis, the light felt even brighter. 
'It's true what they say, humans need sunlight.'
Like other explorers, I briefly looked up at the city's overcast sky, then hurried towards the checkpoint.
"Over here!"
Erwin, who had arrived before me, waved.
We joined the line together, and soon Amelia arrived.
"You're late."
"It took a while to find the right place."
Amelia nodded, her gaze drifting towards the navigator standing awkwardly to my right.
"So, you were indeed telling the truth about entering the city through the seventh district square."
"This one doesn't lie."
How can you be so sure after meeting him just now? I was a little taken aback, but I didn't show it, and asked,
“…Did anything happen?”
"Not at all. He stayed put, waiting for me to arrive."
Amelia's voice was filled with a sense of pride. 
Is he that happy that he was obedient?
On the other hand, the navigator, Auyen Lokrove, seemed to have a late-stage realization of the situation.
“Hehehe…."
He grinned, flashing his service smile as soon as his eyes met mine.
Well, I feel sorry for him. 
He's one of the guys who targeted us first, so it's only fair.
"It's our turn now."
As we moved up the line, it was soon our turn. We exchanged all the gathered gemstones for money, and passed through the checkpoint.
Then we stepped into a street bustling with people. 
We changed our formation for this section, with Amelia in the back and the navigator in front of her.
“Haha… I wouldn’t run away even if you didn’t say anything…."
"Just in case you get lost while following us."
"I've lived in the seventh district for twenty years…."
The navigator muttered something under his breath, but he never strayed from our formation until we reached our home.
And…
“This… is it?”
The three-story detached house we finally arrived at. 
The navigator gaped in awe as he passed through the high gate into the garden. But he seemed to sense something off.
“But why are all the windows…?”
He trailed off, unable to complete the sentence. His eyes were fixed on the boarded-up windows.
"Don't worry about it. It's a security measure."
“Ah, yes…."
He didn't say anything more, but his expression and the way he looked at us held a mixture of curiosity and fear. What kind of guys are they, living in a house like this?
‘He’s probably figured out who Erwin is…’
I’ll have to confirm that later.
We passed through the garden and entered the house. After a brief discussion, we decided to assign the navigator one of the spare rooms.
It was a room in the basement.
“…The basement? Did we have a basement in this house?”
He tilted his head, looking at us with a puzzled expression. Erwin blushed slightly.
"I deliberately chose a house with a basement. Just in case..."
Hmm, is that so…?
I've heard that rich people have a panic room or something for emergencies…
Creak, creak, creak.
Feeling a little uneasy, I watched Erwin roll up the carpet and operate the mechanism to create the stairs.
We went down, and a space designed to be used as a storage room appeared. It was empty, as we hadn’t filled it with anything yet. On the back wall, a thick iron door with a lock was placed.
Click.
Erwin took out a key and opened the door, revealing a room with a large bed.
For some reason, there were restraints on the wall.
“This… this is a prison, not a room…."
The navigator’s face turned white after seeing the room assigned to him.
To be honest, I felt the same way.
I felt a shiver down my spine as soon as I saw the basement.
Well, it’s no longer my concern.
“…Prison, you say? It's just a normal room."
"…."
"Look over there. It even has a toilet and a bathroom. You'll be the only one using it, so it’s good for you."
"…."
“Ahem, ahem. Well, I'm going to head back upstairs. I suddenly don't feel well..."
Oh dear, why is my heart pounding?
I don’t have claustrophobia.
I quickly shoved the navigator into the room and closed the door. Erwin quickly locked it.
Click.
“Wait, wait! Wait!”
Bang, bang, bang! We could hear the navigator pounding on the door, but we all ignored him.
"Should I keep the key?"
"Go ahead."
With Amelia taking the key, the navigator's accommodation issue was settled.
Amelia will take care of feeding him and stuff now.
To be honest, I was curious about something else.
"Emily, is there really a poison like that? You’d die if you didn't take the antidote every day? I've never heard of anything like that."
It sounds like a plot straight out of a martial arts novel.
A typical cliché where a leader of a cult uses it to threaten and control members of the righteous faction.
If it really exists, I guess it could be helpful in various fields.
But...
"Shwit, you still have that naive side to you."
“...Huh?"
“There’s no such poison in the world. Thankfully, he doesn’t seem to know much about poisons."
"Ah..."
So, it was just a bluff.
I was secretly suspecting it, so I just confirmed it now.
“Yee?”
Suddenly, Erwin flinched.
"That poison… it doesn't exist…?"
Her voice was filled with a strange sense of disappointment.
I wanted to ask her what she meant by “just in case,” but I stopped myself. It seemed clear that I wouldn't get a straight answer anyway.
"Oh, just in case…."
So, what’s just in case?
I wanted to ask her in detail, but I gave up. I didn't think I’d get a proper answer.
***
After returning from the Labyrinth, we all spent the first day resting in our rooms. But from the next day, we were busy.
We didn't just gain a single or two spoils of war, after all.
"Erwin, come with me."
“Eek? Me? You can do it all by yourself—”
"Are you saying you won't even do that for Shwit?"
“……That’s not what I meant."
From the second day onwards, Erwin and Amelia were constantly going out to sell the spoils for cash. I spent most of my time at home.
"Shwit, I've prepared the meals for you, in order. Make sure to eat properly when it’s time, even if I’m not here."
Except for going down to the basement every morning, lunchtime, and dinnertime, there was nothing much to do.
However, on the third day, a guest arrived.
“Raven."
"I was supposed to come yesterday, but I was busy. Can I come in?”
“Of course."
Raven looked around the room after coming in, then asked me.
“Where are the other two?”
“They’re out, selling the spoils.”
“Hmm..."
She mumbled, sounding slightly strange.
I asked her if something was wrong, and she replied that it was nothing.
“It's just that I used to take care of everything they’re doing now.”
"I'm sorry about that. At the time, you were the only one I could trust to do it.”
“I’m not saying it to get an apology. More than anything, I don’t think it's even something you should apologize for.”
"I appreciate you saying that."
I led Raven to the living room and sat across from her.
We talked about each other's recent activities briefly.
"How are things going on your side?"
"Just everything's going smoothly. What about you?"
"Same as usual here. It's not like the war will be over in a day or two."
“That's right."
"…."
There was a sense of distance between us, unlike when we were comrades.
It’s probably the same for her too.
We hadn't seen each other in almost two months since we were both in the Labyrinth.
Boom, boom, boom!
We felt vibrations from below.
“I think I hear some noise from the basement…."
Oh, right, it’s way past lunchtime.
"I had some plumbing work done recently. It’s probably that. Don’t worry about it."
I couldn't bring myself to tell her that I had someone locked up down there, so I lied about it. 
Thankfully, Raven didn’t seem suspicious.
Anyway, we continued to chat. During the conversation, I got to hear about what happened during this expedition.
Well, the important information came last.
“Oh, and about what Shwit 씨 asked about…."
“What?”
"The proposal for racial integration."
“Did you find out who brought it up?”
“Yes. It was Lady Pebrock."
“Pebrock…?"
I was immediately taken aback.
She’s the last name of someone I’ve been friendly with.
Ragna Ritanieyel Pebrock.
I thought she was just the same family name, but that doubt lingered.
I had checked before and there wasn't a noble family named Pebrock anywhere in Lapdonia.
"Raven, what’s the lady's name?”
"Ragna Pebrock, I’m sure that’s what it was."
“……What?”
Is it really her?
The middle name is missing though…
“...Do you know her?”
"Maybe. Can you tell me more about the Pebrock family?"
“It’s a common fallen noble family. They disappeared from the Royal Nobility Department and were quietly reinstated a year ago.”
What? So, that’s why I couldn’t find them when I checked.
Is it really Ragna, the lady?
While pondering that thought, Raven continued.
“I couldn't understand that part, so I investigated further. It's not unheard of for a fallen noble to be reinstated, but how did she manage to gain enough power to be a part of the Royal Council in such a short time?”
She lowered her voice.
“It’s simple. She has a powerful backer."
"Who is it?"
“The Duke of Tercelion, the Chancellor of Lapdonia."
“...What?”
My head suddenly became muddled.
It’s one thing that Lady Pebrock is the same person as Ragna, but if Raven is right, she’s also a member of the Chancellor’s faction.
“So… that means the Chancellor is the one who pushed for racial integration…."
I blurted out the thought, and Raven shook her head slightly.
“No, that’s unclear. When the Chancellor heard about the proposal for racial integration, he supposedly yelled that it was ridiculous and shot it down immediately. The other nobles were also surprised, and it was quickly dropped.”
“Perhaps it was just a performance.”
“Performance…?"
“It might have been a planned play. By showing his anger, he might have wanted to nip other nobles' thoughts in the bud."
"Ah..."
Raven looked at me with her mouth open, as if she had never thought of that possibility.
“You seem to have a good understanding of politics…?"
"I'm more interested in people than politics, if anything."
Of course, this is just a guess. We don’t know how it really is.
We don’t have enough information yet.
"Raven, can you investigate Lady Pebrock a bit more?"
“I will. There are some things I find suspicious too.”
“Thanks as always.”
"I’ll be off then."
"Alright, be careful."
That was the end of Raven’s visit that day.
Time passed, and a week later, on a sunny afternoon when Erwin and Amelia had gone to the commercial city to collect the proceeds from selling the spoils, a group of knights with the royal crest on their chests broke down the front door and stormed into the mansion.
“Rihen Shwit, we are arresting you for treason.”
Here it comes.
It was bound to happen.
]]]