## Chapter 385: Us (4)
A thunderous crash. A group of knights burst through the door, shattering the peaceful afternoon nap I was enjoying on the sofa.  Even in my half-awake state, the knight's words pierced my ears: "Rihën Schuitz, you are under arrest for collusion with Noark."
Collusion? This was likely just an excuse to apprehend me. They'd likely fabricate charges, arrest me, and then start their investigation. After all, there were more than a few suspicious points in my behavior.
"Still, they came sooner than I expected."
Truth be told, I'd been bracing myself for this.  My association with Erwin had drawn attention, and my entanglement with Raven on the battlefield had only amplified it.  I knew it was a matter of time before something like this would happen.
The knights swiftly occupied the living room, their swords drawn, forming a tight circle around me. They were clearly not underestimating me, their eyes fixed on me from a safe distance.
"Rihën Schuitz, drop your weapon."
The knight, who seemed to be the leader, issued his command.
At that moment, a thought crossed my mind.
"Alright, then... what do I do now?"
There were no mages among them, meaning it was just knights who had come to apprehend me.  Considering the status of knights in PVP, this was a more than excessive force, but for me, it was good news. If need be, I could fight them all off and escape. 
"The problem is, if I do that, I can't stay in this city..."
It was a desperate option, one I'd only consider in the worst case scenario.  More importantly, it would directly conflict with my ultimate goal—reclaiming my identity as Bjorn Jandel. 
"It's about time I entered the lion's den."
To reclaim my name, I had to make contact with the royal family.  If I had been able to ascertain their intentions first, I wouldn't be so worried.  But it wasn't as if I had absolutely no information at all.
*“...The royal family already knows the identity of the GM.”*
The GM, the very pillar of the players' spirits.  According to the information SoulQueens had shared at the round table, the royal family knew his true identity.  But they didn't just know it; they actively controlled information to prevent it from being revealed. 
This meant the royal family wasn't going around killing anyone they suspected of being a demon.  Even in the worst-case scenario—being exposed as Bjorn Jandel and a demon—there was room for negotiation.
However...
"I need to gauge just how much they know."
After a brief moment of contemplation, I spoke. 
"I'll cooperate with the investigation, but please allow me a moment to inform my companion."
The reason for this request was simple. The knights knew my companion was Erwin.  If they refused, it would give me more room for a positive interpretation of the situation.  It would mean they intentionally waited until Erwin was out, implying they didn't know enough about me to even watch out for Erwin. 
"If you are referring to the Bloodline Succubus, that's not necessary.  She is with us, so you'll be able to see her."
My mind went blank at the leader's reply.
"What?"  Did they also capture Erwin?  Is Amelia with them too?  First, I needed to confirm this.
"What evidence do you have that Erwin is with you?"
The leader answered without hesitation.
"I swear on the name of the Laphdonia royal family."
So it wasn't a lie, then... This wasn't good.  They've even captured Erwin, who was so cherished by the elves?  This means the royal family has prepared ample reasons and grounds to capture both me and Erwin.
*“Damn it...”*
I wanted to refuse arrest and run right then and there.  But with Erwin captured, that wasn't an option.
"I'll say this once more. Rihën Schuitz, drop your weapon.  Otherwise, you will be considered a traitor to the royal family."
As the leader delivered his final warning, a high-density magical energy pulsed outside the manor, perceptible even to a barbarian like me, who was relatively insensitive to magic.
So the mages weren't absent after all; they were simply waiting in the shadows.
*“Those cunning bastards.”*
I dropped the hammer I was holding, my arms heavy.  For now, there was no other choice.
I had to stay alert, from now on, more than ever.
***
After I dropped my weapon, things progressed swiftly. I put my weapons away in my dimensional space, as instructed by the leader.  The knights approached and took my dimensional ring.
"Your belongings will be returned intact once you are cleared of all charges, so do not worry."
The leader's voice, previously imposing, softened to a polite tone. And it wasn't just his voice; the way they treated me was far from how criminals were typically treated.
"The carriage is ready."
As soon as the knights surrounded me to escort me out, a carriage was waiting. It was starkly different from the ones used to transport prisoners, not a caged cart but a luxurious carriage fit for a grand noble.
"Please, enter. We are heading to the imperial city, Carnon."
To my surprise, the only passenger besides me was the leader.  The rest of the knights followed on horseback, flanking the carriage like escorts.
This kind of attentive treatment was something I had never received, even as Baron Jandel.
The carriage smoothly rolled down the hard cobblestone road. I steal glances at the leader, seated across from me.
"Is there something that is making you uncomfortable?"
Of course, there is. It seemed like an absurd question, but it wasn't right to display such an attitude in this situation.
I cautiously asked, "What are the real charges against me?"
"As I said before—"
"Don't say collusion. If that were the case, I wouldn't be receiving this kind of treatment."
The leader’s lips tightened, and he wore a look of discomfort. Perhaps he sensed I would continue to pester him if he remained silent.
"I cannot reveal much to you right now."
"But—"
"You will find out soon enough when we reach the imperial city."
The leader cut me off, drawing a clear line.  From our conversation, I had learned only two things.
"What will happen to me now?"
"It will be decided by him."
A very powerful person was awaiting me.  And...
"Were there others when you took Erwin?"
"I heard she was alone."
Amelia was safe.
After that, we rode in silence. The carriage continued down the cobblestone road for about an hour, finally coming to a stop.
It was the military transport platform of the 7th district, where the teleportation magic circles connecting each district were located. This facility was originally meant for rapid troop movements in emergencies, but in normal times, it was also used as a means of transportation for the nobles.
This was my first time here. I had received the right to use it after receiving my baronetcy, but the cost was astronomical.
*“So, this is how I get to use this.”*
Without even having to get out of the carriage, we boarded the teleportation magic circle and were instantly transported to the military transport platform in the imperial city.  And...
*“It’s not the royal palace.”*
The carriage entered a large manor near the royal palace. This allowed me to identify the person who brought me here.
Their family crest stood proud at the entrance.  A shield with a thorny bush.  This was the crest of the Tercelion Marquisate.  In this city, there were few who didn't recognize it.  The king had barely appeared in public for decades, so the Tercelion Marquis, the Lord Chancellor of Laphdonia, had been handling most of the official affairs.
*“The second-most powerful man in the kingdom…”*
I had assumed that "him" would be a member of the royal family since the leader wore the royal crest rather than a noble family's.
*“But this isn’t bad.  The person I'm going to talk to has the second-most power in the kingdom.”*
Even as I entertained these thoughts, tension tightened within me.  It was as if I was entering the lair of a tiger.
High risk, high reward, as they say.  If I played my cards right, a few words with this man could resolve my problems in one fell swoop.  But if I fail, I could very well plummet into ruin.
"Disembark."
Knights crowded in front of the carriage, and I was ushered inside after receiving their attentive treatment (?).
A reception room that looked like it had cost a fortune.
“…Where is Erwin?"
After quickly surveying the room, I asked, and the leader wore a troubled expression.
"I was told she was here, but that was a lie."
"What? What are you saying?"
My head felt numb.  No way, didn't this guy just swear on the royal family's name?  I glared at him, and he averted his eyes, as if to say that it was not his will.
“It was unavoidable.  I had to bring you here quietly.”
“You’ll be in deep shit if they find out you lied about the king’s name.”
"I’ll be fine as long as they don’t.”
Well, what a flexible guy.  Without realizing it, I praised him.
"You’d have made a fine adventurer, not a knight."
"Scoff all you want. I simply chose the pragmatism for my lord's sake."
This guy really makes me speechless.
*“Damn it…”*
In a way, it was something I often did.  Using the barbarian’s prejudice, I would make false oaths and deceive my opponents—a similar approach.  It was a successful tactic, achieving great results.  Who would have thought that a knight, especially someone seemingly from the Royal Knights, would lie about the king? 
But I resolved not to dwell too much on being fooled.  What if Erwin hadn't been captured?  If I changed my perspective, it could even be seen as a positive thing.  At least it meant Erwin was safe.
*“And I was going to have to go through this sometime anyway.”*
The important thing was not what I had done wrong but what I was going to do next. 
"Alright, then, what do I do now? Just wait here until that 'him' arrives?"
"There is no need for that."
The knight shook his head and placed a crystal ball on the table.  I didn't even have to ask what it was; its meaning was clear.  I had a feeling the knights hadn't been absent; they were probably prepared to use this.
"Then I'm off."
The knight said that I would activate the crystal ball after he left and then left the room. 
I was alone.
"...I wonder if anyone is hiding around here."
Quickly scanning my surroundings, I noticed something out of place and swiftly pulled back the rug.
*“Damn it.”*
Beneath the carpet, a multitude of colorful geometric magic circles were drawn.
A shiver ran down my spine.
*“If I try to escape, or something goes wrong, are they going to blow this whole place up?”*
The second-most powerful man in the kingdom, huh?  The scale was incredible.  This manor was essentially a giant execution device.
*“…Let’s activate this crystal ball first.”*
My heart pounded at the thought of the knight's meticulousness.  I pressed the button and activated the crystal ball, as instructed.
The crystal ball shone, projecting a human figure.  It was a familiar face.  The Lord Chancellor and Marquis of Laphdonia. 
Agni Rotten Tercelion.  The same man who had presided over my baronetcy ceremony in place of the king.
*“...Long time no see.”*
He greeted me with a deep voice.  I froze.
*“...Long time no see?”*
A sense of unease washed over me, and my heart began to race.
*“Is this just psychological warfare?  How much does this Marquis know?”*
I forcibly suppressed the questions that kept popping up.  I needed to think about something else.
Right now, I...
What is the best answer I can give here?
It didn't take long to make a decision.
"Excuse me..."
I spoke, my voice polite but cautious.
"Are you...  Marquis Tercelion?"
A natural reaction for an adventurer suddenly snatched from his sleep by knights, I thought.
But...
*“He couldn't possibly have forgotten my face…  You're quite cunning, for a player, aren't you?”*
The Marquis chuckled, and then he called out my name.
*“Bjorn Jandel, Baron.”*
It was the first time I'd heard my full name in a very long time. 