##  Chapter 389: Wild Horse (3)
It was the dead of night, and everyone was asleep.  A uninvited guest had entered, even picking the lock on the door. 
“…,”
There were two choices. The first was to ask the intruder why he had snuck in, using ‘words’ to express his anger. The second choice was…
“······You must have come prepared to die.” 
To express his anger with his ‘entire body.’  As an ordinary Barbarian, there was no need to ponder long about the proper way to deal with an uninvited guest.
Clank-
He tightened his grip on the intruder's neck.  This was the typical reaction, wasn't it? A Barbarian's response to an ‘assassin.’
“Did the Duke order you to kill me?”
“……Cough, cough!”
The intruder choked out a desperate response.
“…It’s… not like that… ! Wait, just let me explain—”
His intentions were clear. He claimed he hadn't meant to kill.  And in truth, his words were likely sincere.  He wasn't wielding a weapon when he was discovered, and if he truly desired to kill, the Duke had far more effective methods.
He wouldn't deny that fact. However…
“There’s no conversation with a man who tried to kill me.”
But if he heard that, he wouldn’t be able to cause chaos.  So, he should just sleep.  He would demand compensation for this from the Duke.
Clank-
He tightened his grip, completely shutting off any possibility of sound escaping before driving his fist into the intruder's abdomen.  He wasn’t even equipped with proper gear.
Thwack-!
The intruder’s back arched like a shrimp, reacting to the impact.
“Cough—!”
He wasn’t going to faint from this hit?  Then, another one.
Thwack-!
“Cough-!”
He was a knight, after all, so he endured it well.  Should he try a jawbreaker next?  Just as he was about to shift his target higher…
“Gulp-!”
The intruder, sensing the threat to his life, drew the sword at his waist.  It was a dagger, similar in size to the one he usually used to cut jerky.  However, size was meaningless in the hand of a knight. 
Whumph-!
A blue aura instantly expanded, using the sword as its medium.
Whoosh-!
The aura-infused dagger lunged forward like lightning, aiming for his wrist.  He couldn’t release his grip on the intruder's neck, so the knight intended to sever his whole arm. 
He understood.  Knights, after all, were the type of people who would simply cut anything in their way if it was bothering them.
「Character has used [Impregnable Fortress] 」
「[Evolved Skin] effect is increased by 1.5 times.」
He hurriedly activated his skill as the intruder’s aura reached his wrist.  However…
Click-
The aura pierced through the skin, but it met resistance at the bone.
“……!”
The intruder’s eyes widened.  The expression was similar to the one he’d seen on the Blood Knights he had encountered in the Dark Continent.
Why wasn't he being cut?  These bastards, who had been relying on aura their entire lives, couldn’t easily comprehend this phenomenon. 
It wasn’t something he needed to explain.  
“You even hid a weapon.”
Blood dripped from his injured arm.  He didn’t flinch, keeping his grip on the intruder’s neck as he spoke.
“You are an assassin after all.”
The man frantically shook his head, unable to deny it.  Or rather, he tried to, but he failed.  His strength stat was insufficient to shake his head free from his grasp.  He only widened his already wide eyes.
Whumph-!
Until the moment his fist smashed into the intruder's facial bones.
Crack-
Alright, then.  Let’s go.
***
He dragged the Duke’s son, slumped over, out of the room.  
However, a problem arose.  
‘How do I get to the Duke?’
He didn’t know where the Duke was.  And it would be awkward to wake the boy to ask.
Drip, drip.
He needed to see the Duke before his wrist wound regenerated.
Fortunately, his dilemma didn’t last long.  It was true that ‘a strong body makes for a hard-working mind.’
‘Let’s just go out and see what happens.’
He was currently staying in a separate building on the east side of the main building.  He walked through the empty hallway towards the stairs.  He was supposed to be in the middle of nowhere.
The servants, who had been everywhere when he first entered, were nowhere to be seen.  It meant that the Duke had taken precautions to prevent any approach before sending his son. 
‘Well, the first floor is still intact.’
The lobby was brightly lit, even in the dead of night.  One of the servants, who was diligently waiting with a straight posture even though no one was watching him, noticed him and screamed.
“Kyaaack-!”
Was it a biological alarm or something?
“What’s all the commotion!”
The heavily locked front door swung open, and the knights guarding the perimeter entered.  There were four of them.
“Reigen Sheuitz…! What are you doing! Who is this man you have in your grasp!”
They couldn't recognize the young master.  Maybe he shouldn’t have hit him in the face?
“Judging by the thread on his belt, he appears to be one of the Duke's family.”
“Even if he is a guest of the Duke, how can you expect to get away with this!”
“Quickly lower the man and surrender!”
Four knights surrounded him, their swords ablaze with aura.  
A normal explorer would be sweating profusely, with trembling hands and feet.  
They probably knew that well.  That’s why they were so arrogant.
“I’ll say this one last time. Surrender peacefully and await the Duke's judgment.”
“What if I don’t?”
“…Then we have no choice but to use force.”
“Oh yeah?  Go ahead.”
When he shrugged and replied, the knights frowned, as if he had made a foolish choice.
Thud.
He dropped the young master onto the floor and pulled out the Devil Crusher from his subspace.
At that moment.
Thud, thud.
The four knights exchanged glances and charged at him from all directions.
Thank you so much.
Whumph.
He stomped on the ground, creating a whirlwind.
「Character has used [Eye of the Storm] 」
He didn’t deliberately link it with [Transcendence].  
[Transcendence] was more effective in a battle against multiple enemies.
Whiiiiiiiiish-!
The knights who entered the 5m radius were swept away by the gale and dragged towards him.  
However, even in the midst of the whirlwind, they swung their swords.  
The knights’ attacks, which would normally cut through the armor easily and cleave flesh and bone without resistance…
“Aaaaahhhh!!!”
However, he didn't bother defending.  He swung the Devil Crusher again and again.  
It was the basic Barbarian exchange-rate method.  
Assuming they both exchanged one blow each.  
He was sure he would be the one to gain the advantage.
Whiiiiit.
The knight in front of him swung his sword down.  But he didn’t allocate his movements to block or evade.
Slice-
The blade plunged deep into his collarbone with how much force he put into the strike.  
Crack-!
He retaliated by smashing his hammer into the knight’s temple.  
Then, instantly…
Slice-
The knight to his left slashed at his ankle.  
‘That’s a dirty trick, hitting the Achilles tendon.’
He almost lost his balance for a moment, but his tendon wasn’t severely damaged.  Therefore…
Swoosh.
He regained his balance with his other foot and kicked the knight in the face with his foot like a soccer ball.
Kwang-!!
The knight flew far away and crashed into the mansion’s pillar.
Then, he heard a thud from behind.
Crack-!
Right, he didn’t slash, he stabbed.
「Piercing damage reduction rate 75%」
No wonder it didn’t hurt.
“Wh, who are you…….”
What’s with this guy again?  He still has something to say in this situation.
Crack-!
He turned around and elbowed the knight in the jaw.
Only one was left.
“Uwaaaaat!”
The knight, seemingly intent on avenging his fallen comrades, swung his blade at his neck with a menacing golden aura.
‘The neck is a sensitive area.’
He wasn’t going to waste much movement, so he raised his left arm and blocked it with his shield.  Then…
“……Cough!”
He kicked the knight hard in the stomach.
Whuuuiiiish.
The whirlwind dissipated when its duration ended, and it was at that precise moment.
“…….”
The silence in the room. 
They had exchanged blows evenly, but it was clear who had won the deal. He was perfectly fine except for a few scratches, while his opponent was already on the ground. 
“Cough…!”
Two of them were still conscious.  He was pretty sure the one he kicked in the stomach was out of the game. But the one he smashed in the temple might’ve died, he thought.  
‘Did he activate any defense skills before he got hit?’
His head must’ve taken a fair amount of damage. The knight stumbled towards the open front door.
“Sup… support….”
He was a knight, after all. He had his professional sense of responsibility.  It was quite impressive, but he didn’t want him to get too far away, so he pulled the knight in with a combination of [Transcendence] and [Whirlwind] before knocking him unconscious with a tap on the head.
‘Alright, then I can ask this one where the Duke is…’
He squatted down and grabbed the knight who got kicked in the stomach.
“I have a question—”
“Tch!
……Is this guy crazy?”
His phlegm was always on the receiving end of things, so it was disgusting, but he endured it and asked again.
“Where is the Duke?”
“In the end, you, will come, after, me.”
What is he on about?  
This guy seemed like he had already given up.  It seemed he wouldn’t answer even if he asked.  So…
Kwang-!
He slapped the back of the knight’s head and pondered.
‘What should I do? Should I go out further?’
There might be mages outside.  He didn't want to make things worse, and he wanted to meet the Duke in private.  
Should he just wait until the young master wakes up?
Swoosh.
Various thoughts crossed his mind, and he sensed movement from outside the open front door.  He only glanced in that direction, but he slowly stood up.
“……I don't have to go looking for him.”
The Duke was there. 
***
The Duke was wearing the same casual clothes he had seen earlier that day.  He hadn’t gone to sleep.  Well, maybe he was just too busy with his work to sleep.
But, was it really true?  He thought it made more sense to assume that he was waiting for him to show up.  The sheer number of troops nearby also supported that idea.
Swoosh.
He stood up, and the woman next to the Duke placed her hand on the hilt of her sword.
“It’s alright, just stand back.”
“…Yes.”
The bodyguard instantly removed her hand from her sword at the Duke's command. 
He carefully observed the woman.  She wasn’t a knight.  After all, aura was only for humans. 
‘A Dragonkin.’
He confirmed that her pupils had the characteristics of Dragonkin and turned his attention to her equipment.  Then…
‘Damn.’
He realized what the sword at her waist was.
‘No. 19 Ignis Draconic Sword.’
A transformation-type longsword that greatly amplified physical damage and could even convert physical damage to magical damage depending on the situation.  Right now, with his Anti-Magic setup unfinished, it could be considered a counter to his weapon.
‘I’ve never heard of this guy before….’
Considering that equipment usually matched a person’s skills, the man was definitely one of the top fighters in this city.  After all, there were no weak Dragonkin to speak of.
“…….”
Silence fell as he took in the situation.  
The Duke broke the silence. 
“Let’s move to another location.”
“How can I trust you?”
“Hmm, I’ll ensure that they won’t bother us.”
He nodded slightly.  The Duke gestured, and the knights on the side gathered their comrades and moved to the back.  Then…
“Everyone except for Lady Rabiyeon will exit the mansion.”
The Duke ordered everyone out.  
Only the Dragonkin woman remained next to him.  The Duke didn’t hesitate to use his real name, even with the Dragonkin bodyguard present.
“Yandel Viscount.”
“…….”
“I know why you did this. You must be mistaken.”
Mistaken…  Well, it must’ve been ridiculous from the Duke’s perspective.  He wouldn’t have expected this to happen, even if he realized that he wasn’t a demon and woke up in the middle of it all.  
Especially in the middle of his mansion.  
He didn’t have any reason to consider his feelings.
“You send an assassin at night and call it a misunderstanding? You’re pretty bold.”
“That’s why it’s a misunderstanding. I just wanted to make sure you weren’t a demon.”
“……Demon?”
He knew what the Duke was thinking. But he pretended to be confused.
“...Are you saying you doubted me? As a demon?”
His question was laced with hostility.  The Duke calmly nodded.
“It's best to be sure. You’ve heard about this, haven't you? Demons are summoned to a gathering every full moon. And they’re completely defenseless during that time.  I swear, I only intended to check if you woke up or not.”
“…So?”
“The check is done. You’re not a demon.”
He let out a sigh at the Duke’s words.  After all, this was the main reason he did this.  
“Then why did you send your son?”
“Well, I thought he’d be fine even if you woke up.”
“Explain.”
“First, I didn’t expect you to cause such a commotion. Second, I thought he could handle himself if something unexpected happened.”
In short, he thought that his son could handle the situation, even if something went wrong. 
“Didn’t you think he could’ve died? He’s your only son.”
“You can't grow up strong if you just stay inside and pamper yourself.”
Right, that’s your parenting style.  
He had his suspicions, but he was starting to understand.
“Now that the misunderstanding is cleared—”
“Just because the misunderstanding is cleared doesn’t mean the resentment goes away. And the misunderstanding isn’t even completely cleared, either.”
“……?”
The Duke frowned at him.
He couldn’t even speak?
“Do you see this, this wound?”
He showed the Duke his wrist, the wound already half-healed.
“That’s the wound your son gave me when he ambushed me.”
“……He ambushed you?”
“I tried to talk to him, and he just pulled out his knife and swung it.”
“That happened?  It’s no wonder there was a misunderstanding. I’ll make sure to scold him properly.”
“What about my injuries?”
He showed the Duke all the wounds he had sustained fighting the four knights.  Compared to the knights, who were in a terrible state, his injuries were minor.
The Duke chuckled, but he still gave him the answer he wanted.  
“It was our mistake, so let’s try to find a compromise that satisfies you.”
Okay, that would be a fair compensation.
“So, now that the resentment has faded, shall we have a conversation?  I’d like to discuss the second condition I told you about tomorrow morning.”
“Alright.”
He nodded.  The Dragonkin bodyguard silently pulled a chair out of her subspace.  
It looked expensive and comfortable.  
Damn, she kept those kinds of chairs in her subspace?  Nobles…
“I’m getting old, so it’s getting harder to stay comfortable.  Oh, do you need a seat?”
“I don’t.”
“I’m glad to hear that.”
“So, what’s the second condition?”
There was no point in continuing the conversation any further.  He went straight to the point.  
His first demand for the return of his identity was to participate in the war.  
So, what was the second one? 
“Before we get to that, I have one more question.”
The Duke avoided answering and claimed the right to ask questions.  
He couldn’t say no.
“Ask.”
When he gave his permission, the Duke began with a seemingly unrelated introduction. 
“My son is my son, but the four knights you fought were some of the most skilled fighters in our family.”
Really?  He destroyed them before he even got a chance to see their skills, so he had no idea what he was talking about.
“So?”
“I’m asking directly because it’s something I want to know.”
The Duke asked him.
“How strong are you?”
It was a seemingly random question, but it made sense.  The Duke wouldn’t have known his exact strength.  He probably only thought of using his reputation for the war.
“Hmm, I guess you’re asking a difficult question since you’re not getting an answer?”
“Not really.”
It wasn’t a difficult question, but rather an ambiguous one. 
How could he express a person's strength?  
Just like time, a person’s strength was relative, and it required a point of reference. For example…
“That woman.”
He looked at the Dragonkin bodyguard.  The Duke’s eyes widened in surprise.
“Are you saying you’re confident you can win against Lady Rabiyeon?”
He shook his head.
“No.”
It would be a bit much to say he could win.  He hadn’t actually fought her.  
He wasn’t sure yet.  
But he answered the Duke's question without a moment's hesitation.
“I can crush your head after taking out that woman.”
Would that be a satisfactory answer?
He thought so.  
“…….”
The Duke’s body, always calm and collected, trembled slightly.
“……You’re more insane than I heard.”
The bodyguard’s praise confirmed his suspicions.  