## Captain Barbarian (2)
The old sorcerer’s apprentice, a trainee sorcerer who usually just ran errands, had a rather convincing appearance. His eyepatch gave off an air of mystery, and the tattoos that covered his body added to it.  He may have been young, but at first glance, he seemed like a real sorcerer. 
However…
“Now, stop dawdling. Sit down and remove your shirt, young warrior.”
His attempt to sound deep and dramatic with his childish voice was utterly cringeworthy.  Did he really need an eyepatch for show?  He wasn't blind, was he?
He placed his hand on my shoulder as I sat down, preparing to strip.  
“You’ve already absorbed the power of the immortal spirit.”
The young sorcerer instantly understood the path I had chosen and reached for my chest, his hand moving with the familiarity of a pervert. 
“Let’s see how far you’ve come in reaching the ultimate state.”
He seemed to have an underlying air of skepticism as he spoke.  It took no time for his tone to shift. 
From my shoulder, his hand slid to my chest, then to my side, where my latissimus dorsi muscle resided, the site of my third-stage immortal inscription.  
It was the starting point of my inscription specialization.
“Heehee, you chose the beast’s spirit.”
It was here that I acquired [Beastly Eruption].  A tank needs some kind of skill that can boost their threat level, right?
“For one so young, you’ve already absorbed a soul fragment.  Quite a bit of—”
The sorcerer froze mid-sentence.  His hand was already moving past my latissimus dorsi and towards my back, where the inscription for the fifth stage rested.
I seriously considered slapping him across the face. 
Everything else was fine, but this way, his face was so close to mine.  He was practically hugging me from the front. 
His hand finally reached the nape of my neck.
“Oh, you've already opened up your spiritual veins too?  Impressive—"
The inscription for the fourth stage.  My mental and spiritual stats had increased.
His hand traced from my neck and back to my chest, finally reaching the area where my heart beat.
“…Y, you’ve even opened your vital channels?”
His startled voice revealed that he probably thought I’d only ask him to do some low-level inscriptions and leave.  
He seemed suddenly bothered, so I forcefully removed his hand.
“Wh, what are you doing! You’re disrupting the sacred ritual of reading your path—”
Look, you’re wasting my time, alright?
“Veins, channels, whatever. Stop touching me. I’ve already completed the inscription for the incorruptible spirit.”
“Th, the incorruptible spirit?  So, you’ve opened up your life veins too…?”
The sorcerer flinched as he heard that I had completed the sixth-stage inscription. 
But he seemed to think his reaction wasn't dignified enough.
“Ah, you know, in order to etch the next inscription, you need a very precious—”
“I’ve already acquired a soul fragment, so don’t worry.”
“….”
I wasn't sure why the warrior was in charge of the inscription ritual instead of the sorcerer, but I’d provided him with all the information needed to proceed.
“That’s all the talk we need. Let’s get started.”
I lay down on the bed that seemed prepared for me. 
But the ritual didn’t start, no matter how long I waited.
“Sorcerer, what are you doing?”
“…Wait a moment, warrior. Before we begin the ritual, we need to take a deep breath, calm ourselves, and focus our minds—"
Calm your mind, my ass.
He’s just nervous.
As soon as I sensed that something was off, I sat up.  I voiced my suspicion.
He wouldn't actually be…
“Sorcerer, you’re not…?”
“….”
“You’ve never done a high-level inscription before, have you?”
“…There have simply been no warriors who wished to receive one.  However, I have learned all the methods.”
Damn, now I’m feeling insecure.
***
It felt like I’d become the textbook for this young sorcerer’s experience gain, but I didn’t have any other options.  It felt like I was better off receiving the inscription from him, since he didn't recognize me.  
Besides, he was a certified sorcerer.
He’d do the inscription right, wouldn’t he?
I thought so, at least until the first needle pierced my skin.
*Pok!*
“Aaargh!”
“…!”
*Pok!*
“Kyaaah!”
“…?”
*Pok!*
“You’re tilting your head?  Sh, shit, you’re poking me in the wrong spot!”
“…I, I’m not!”
“You’re—”
“Be still.  I’m doing it right!”
*Pok!*
“Kyaaagh!”
Did soul inscriptions always hurt this much?  
I remembered it being excruciating before, but nothing like this.
*Pok!*
*Pok!*
*Pok!*
*Pooook-*!
Time seemed to slow down, and with it, the increasingly agonizing pain that was slowly destroying my mind.
How much time had passed?
“I, I’m done…  .”
The moment the sorcerer, clearly exhausted, finally uttered the words I’d been yearning to hear…
「Immortal Inscription Stage 7 has been activated.」
A foreign energy seeped into my body, depleted of all strength.
It was different from the sensation of gaining stats from consuming essences.  This confirmed that the inscription itself was properly complete. 
「The special stat ‘Recovery’ has been generated.」
Recovery was a stat similar to Muscle Mass. If Muscle Mass added 1% to your total strength for each point, Recovery increased all healing and regeneration effects proportionally.  
Well, it wasn't as noticeable as strength, and I wouldn’t immediately feel the difference, but…
「Physical stats have increased by +120.」
There had to be a significant stat increase, considering the numbers.  
Special stats that couldn't be gained through essences were proportional to the values of your main stats.  
Considering my strength stat right now, it’d probably be about 120 points.
“Keuh, heuheuheuheu…  .”
A tremendous reward worth enduring the agonizing pain.  
As I was reveling in the bliss, unable to contain my laughter despite the pain, the sorcerer next to me gasped.
“…This is the first time I’ve seen someone laugh after receiving a new spirit.”
“It’s because you lack experience. Warriors laugh when they’re in pain.”
“That’s not true…! I have inscribed countless warriors— ”
He’s such a liar.  How many could he have inscribed in the last two years and six months without me?
“Oh, alright, good job.”
My strength was returning, so I sat up.  I hadn’t noticed since it was dark and the curtains were drawn, but it was already night.
‘They said it might be late, so they’re probably not worried.’
The sorcerer would return to the sanctuary either tonight or tomorrow morning, so I just grabbed my outer garment and put it on. 
The servant who’d led me here was waiting in front.  
But why was he looking like that? 
He seemed afraid of something.
“Umm, are you alright?”
He must have heard me screaming. He wouldn't know about the inscription, so he probably thought something awful happened in there.
“Nevermind, I’m leaving now, can I just go?”
I asked, hoping he would prepare a carriage for me like he did before.
He hesitated before speaking softly.
“Sir Shwitz, the Duke requests your presence.”
“The Duke…?”
I forgot to use honorifics, and he looked terrified as if he'd committed a sin.  But why couldn't he correct me?
“Yes, ‘the Duke’ is waiting for you. Let’s go.”
He emphasized the honorific, leading me somewhere. 
Damn, I need to be more careful around others.  
I can't out myself as a Barbarian yet.
*Creeeeeeak-*
The Duke’s study came into view.  
He looked up from his documents and gave me a glance as I entered, then promptly dismissed the servant.  He waited until the door was completely shut before addressing me.
“So, how did the inscription go?  Viscount Yandel.”
“Thanks to you.  But why are you calling me again?”
I was exhausted, so I went straight to the point, but as always, the Duke didn’t reprimand me for my rudeness.
He just accommodated my desires.
“I have something I need to tell you, Viscount.”
He addressed me directly without even trying to hide his annoyance. 
But would he ever understand? 
The more he tried to act friendly, the less I trusted him.  Instead, it made me more suspicious.
“Tell me, what is it?”
“First, I’m happy to tell you that your recruitment efforts have been successful.”
He explained that he had successfully recruited the mage I had designated, while the priest refused, so they’d recruited the gifted mage that was my plan B.
Damn, it would have been better if the priest had accepted, so I’d have more options.
“So, if that’s the first thing, then there must be a second?”
“Yes.  The first one was just a side note, it could have been communicated later.  I’m just letting you know now for your convenience.”
“I'm curious, tell me.”
“Tomorrow, the leaders of each team will meet. We’ll attempt to guide them towards choosing the commander amongst themselves.”
“Tomorrow?  That’s a bit sudden, isn’t it?”
“The dungeon will open soon.  We need to finish the organization even if we can't go on a big operation right away. There were many who wanted to finish it quickly.  Is there any problem with that?”
“No, that’s fine. As you said, it’s better to finish this early. So how are they deciding who the commander is?”
“Didn’t I mention this before? We will guide them. Each of the five teams has their own backing, so they will all want to lead.”
“Simply put, you’re going to gather them and let them figure it out.”
“That’s a reasonable summary. Are you alright with that?”
“Don’t worry. I’d rather not be under a useless leader.”
They’re calling it a special unit for dangerous missions, are they?
I’d rather be the leader than watch some troll screw everything up.  
Well, if there’s a suitable candidate, I wouldn’t mind just sitting back and enjoying the spoils of war.
“So, where are we meeting tomorrow?”
“I’ve invited them to my home. We’ll be having a luncheon together tomorrow.”
Luncheon tomorrow, huh? 
It’d be nice if I didn't have to come here again, but it’s close, I’m just a bit lazy.
“Could I maybe sleep here?”
“Of course, Viscount.  If you wish, I’ll let them know so they can contact your home.  She might be worried.”
“Oh, that would be great.”
After chatting for about 30 minutes, I used the Duke’s help to contact Erwen and Amelia through the 7th district branch of the Mage Tower.  
Then I went back to the room I stayed in last time, showered, and prepared for bed.
*Poooook-*
The bed in this mansion was incomparably more comfortable than mine. 
As always, I fell asleep almost immediately after lying down.
*Drr, drr, drr, drr, drr, drr, drr-*!!
I really hope some weirdo doesn’t show up again in the middle of the night.
***
The next morning.
The meeting was scheduled for lunch, but I woke up early.  Since the Duke would need me to be ready for his sake, I got up early and had the servants help me prepare. 
My hair was neatly styled, and I wore a well-fitting suit, both top and bottom.  
It had been a long time since I had worn such clothes.
‘It’s not bad.’
I looked in the mirror, and even I had to admit it looked good.
It’s because my physique has shrunk, right? 
It’s not as imposing as it used to be.
“Just wait a little longer.”
“I think I saw some people arrive already.”
“Not everyone is here yet.”
Having stayed in the mansion overnight, I was able to finish preparing early, but I continued to wait in my room.  I thought I could just wait at the dining hall, but I guess there are certain protocols in noble families.
Even the time of entrance seems to be a power play.
“Alright, let’s go. Everyone’s waiting.”
The Duke was the one I had to listen to, so I waited until it was time and then went to the dining hall with him. 
*Creeeeeeak-*
The servants opened the door for us, like an automatic door, without us even having to lift a finger.
“Greetings, Duke Tercesion.”
“I wouldn’t have expected you to be here for a meal, sir.”
“I’m honored to be here.  I truly appreciate it.”
The four men and women who had already arrived all stood up and greeted the Duke, and only after the greetings were exchanged did he acknowledge them.
“Haha, it’s good to see you all. Considering your reputation, what I prepared may be lacking, but please feel free to enjoy yourselves.”
He said so as he made his way to the head of the table and sat down. 
I sat down in the seat directly to the right of the Duke, just as I was told. 
And…
“Serve the food.”
The servants began to fill the table while the Duke played the role of a matchmaker, guiding the introductions.
“Since you’ve all never met, you should probably exchange names. How does that sound?”
“Yes, may I start?”
The man sitting across from me was the first to speak.
“Everyone here is younger than me, and none of you seem to be nobles, so I’ll be a little casual.”
He wore a well-tailored uniform with neatly styled red hair, and a checked embroidery pattern adorned his upper garment.  
I think his name was… 
“I’m Melend Kaislan.”
Oh, I remembered, the Duke told me yesterday.
The youngest son of Count Kaislan.  A veteran knight who had earned many merits since joining the military.
They said he was the youngest son, but he was already in his 40s, and he’d married young, with several children.
“I have spent decades in the military. I have experience in countless battles, but leadership is a different beast altogether. Over the years, I have witnessed countless talented individuals who died senselessly due to incompetent superiors.”
He stood up, claiming to make the introductions, only to launch into a long self-promotion speech.
“I’m not trying to disrespect anyone, but if one of us has to take charge, I think there’s no one more suited than me.”
He’s been a senior soldier for a long time, hasn't he? 
His military-style speech already revealed his lack of flexibility.
And it wasn’t just me who felt this way.
“…Oh, weren’t we just supposed to exchange names?  This is a little overwhelming, wouldn’t you say?”
The Dwarf woman next to me chuckled and politely roasted him as she stood up.
“So, I’ll go next.”
Wow, that was smooth.
I knew who this woman was before she even mentioned her name. 
Dwarf women explorers of this age aren’t that common.
“I’m Titana Akuraba.”
Titana Akuraba.  
She didn’t seem interested in revealing her age, but those who knew her knew she was 61. 
Of course, given their racial characteristics, where they aged quickly and remained that way, her body was much younger than that of a human her age.
But, age doesn’t matter to this woman.
“…Akuraba?  Are you really Akuraba?”
The noble knight froze and widened his eyes as she revealed her name. 
No wonder, she was a famous explorer.
Or rather, a legendary one.
“Even I wouldn’t be so audacious as to lie to the Duke.”
“Well…  that’s true.  I was just surprised.  I heard you retired 10 years ago.”
I only heard about her from the Duke.  
She was a member of a legendary team that explored the 9th floor, but she suddenly retired 10 years ago and had not appeared in public since.
So, we’re from entirely different generations.
“Hoho, fate brought me back out into the world. Can I continue, young knight?”
“…. Of course.”
She silenced the knight who’d tried to interject and, like the knight before her, began her self-promotion spiel.
“I dare say no one here knows the dungeon better than me. The same goes for the explorer code.  Is that enough, young knight?”
A short speech overflowing with self-confidence.  
But before she could even sit down, another man stood up, not intimidated in the least.
“Haha, I never expected to meet one of my idols.  My turn.”
He exuded a lighthearted air.  The most distinctive feature about him was his height—he was just a little under five feet, which was even slightly short for a human.
“James Kala, deputy commander of the Cogtooth Clan.”
Cogtooth was one of the giant clans that had shrunk from ten to four, and this guy was its deputy commander.  
He followed in the footsteps of those who had come before him and went on and on about his strengths.
He said he was up-to-date on the latest information, since he was in charge of field operations, and that he was confident in his ability to synthesize all opinions and present a solution that would satisfy everyone.  
It was a clear appeal to the old Dwarf woman and the stubborn knight, but it didn’t particularly move me.  
I was just recalling what I had read in the documents. 
‘This guy was a ranger, wasn't he?’
That was about all I could remember about him.
As soon as the deputy commander finished his introduction, the holy knight next to him stood up.
“I am Jun of the Haindel Church. I don’t have a surname because I abandoned the one I used in the mortal world.”
A short introduction in stark contrast to those who came before him.
“…That’s it?”
The knight asked.  The holy knight clicked his tongue in annoyance and continued.
“There’s nothing as unstable and dangerous as human will.  Everything will proceed according to the flow, according to God’s will.”
“It seems the Three God Church is not particularly interested in this mission.”
“….”
The knight tried to probe their stance by asking them questions, but the holy knight just ignored him and let the question hang.
And…
“Now, it’s your turn.”
It was finally my turn.  Everyone, though they pretended otherwise, was showing a strong interest.
Of course, they’d be curious.  They'd heard from the Duke that this was the person he was taking as his representative, but it was my first appearance.  
They’d be hesitant, since they knew nothing about me, and some suspicion was inevitable.
*Creeeeeeak-*
I pushed back my chair and stood up, only revealing my name, a short introduction.
“I am Rihn Shwitz.”
I saw frowns all around the room.
‘Is that all?’
It was the look on everyone’s faces.
Even the Duke shared this look.  Everyone had actively promoted themselves, so why wasn’t I doing the same?
‘Oh, come on, don’t rush me. I’m not trying to make a fool of myself.’
I had absolutely no intention of going on and on like those who came before me.  Why bother?  
Everyone would hear me out and forget about it anyway.
I slowly looked around, making eye contact with each person.
“Knight, noble, ”
I started with the noble soldier. 
“Famous explorer, ”
Then, I moved on to the Dwarf woman.
“Clan, ”
Next was the deputy commander.
“God, or whatever, ”
I finally looked at the holy knight, giving him a long, steady stare before delivering my final words.
“I don’t listen to anyone weaker than me.”
When it comes to self-promotion, short and powerful is the way to go.
]]]