## Chapter 396: Expeditionary Force (1)
I stared at the knight, my face set in a stern expression, for a long time before changing my demeanor.
"Must have been mistaken then," I said, softening my features.
The knight, relieved by my change in expression, still looked at me with confusion. 
"Oh, good to see you're still in your right mind. It's a good thing," he chuckled, patting my shoulder.
I then turned to the other three, confirming if they had any objections to me becoming the leader. 
While it was unlikely anyone would dare to break the promise that was officially notarized in front of the Baron, you never knew. It was prudent to check, especially since follow-up treatment might be necessary.
However…
"No objections."
"None from me either. It was a bet, wasn't it?"
"As it stands, please call on me whenever you need any help."
Surprisingly, the other three, excluding the knight, didn't raise any objections. 
Were they all cooler than I expected?  I thought at least one of them would get greedy, considering it wasn't just their own ambitions but also political influence at stake.
Well, it's good for me. Less work.
"Good to hear you have no complaints.  Then I'll be going."
"What? Going?"
They all looked at me with confusion as I turned to leave. It seemed they expected further discussion now that the leader was chosen.
"My stomach is rumbling," I said, turning back to face them.
"…"
"I'll see you later."
Leaving them behind with bewildered expressions, I exited the room.
It's a kind of build-up. I'm not going to be Rhen Suiz forever. I'll be revealed in three months. 
I need to show them this side of me now, so it's easier to understand when that time comes. 
It's like I'm acting like a savage. Now I get it.
"You've arrived."
I headed to the Baron's office. 
It was only courteous to report back before leaving.
"How did it go?"
"How what?  Nothing happened."
"Meaning they all accepted readily?"
"What else could they do?"
"That's… true. If there's anything you need help with, just tell me."
"That's reassuring."
So that's the end of the interim report—
"Oh, and one more thing."
"…"
"With the commander chosen, the inauguration ceremony will be soon."
"Inauguration ceremony?"
"You need to get to know each other before entering the Labyrinth.  The guardians involved in this plan would also like to see you all."
"When is it happening?"
"I'll let you know as soon as the schedule is confirmed."
It was a bit funny. 
The Labyrinth entrance is just ten days away, and they want us to go through an inauguration ceremony, get to know each other, and then immediately enter? 
It's not like we have all the time in the world.
"Why are they rushing things like this?"
I wondered, but the answer was easy to deduce.
"They probably wanted to do it after the 15th.  It's the easiest time for the Noark side to get information."
They likely wanted to minimize information leaks.  
I inquired about the ceremony, and they confirmed that maintaining security made it impossible to host a grand event with hundreds of people. 
"Alright, the ceremony's fine, but what about the other two who will join my team? Will I see them at the ceremony?"
"Of course not. If you're alright with it, I'll make arrangements for you to meet them tomorrow."
"Would you send them to my house tomorrow?"
"That's settled then."
The Baron readily nodded.
So is that it?  Have we exchanged everything we needed to?
As I was preparing to end the conversation, the Baron suddenly brought up a new topic.
"I have a question for you."
"What is it?"
"It's about the bet we made in the banquet hall."
Taking a deep breath, he asked,
"Did you have absolute confidence in winning against those four?"
"Why are you curious about that?"
"It's only natural to be curious. You must have known about them, having seen the documents I prepared. So I initially assumed you were so confident in your victory that you placed the bet."
"And?"
"But as I watched, it seemed you didn't. Do you know how many times I was worried?"
I could tell what he wanted to ask.
Why did you place that bet with such confidence if you were only going to win by a hair's breadth?
I decided to answer honestly.
"Baron, you're right."
My victory was due to my seventh-stage Immortal Inscription.
The special stat called "Recovery Power" boosts regeneration efficiency.
Without it, my base natural regeneration wouldn't have sustained me for that long.
More importantly, I could have run out of MP first.
Recovery Power applies to MP regeneration as well.
Meaning it increases the amount of MP recovered by [Soul Dive].
With that, I felt confident enough to go head-to-head with those four.
However…
"I didn't have absolute confidence in winning."
I wasn't 100% sure of victory.
After all, that's how it is with fights, isn't it?
There are countless examples of people dying from a lucky punch, no need to even mention them.
"I don't understand. How could you be so reckless without absolute confidence?"
"Well, why was I?"
Shrugging my shoulders in response, I exited the room.
Well…
"I was being a jerk. Because I was going to refuse to accept defeat if I lost, so I thought I'd throw some shade at you."
Plan B should always be kept secret.
***
The next day, at lunchtime, two team members visited my house, having been contacted by the Baron.
"You must be Rhen Suiz. It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Riard Ashid, a third-grade mage from the Langman School."
He was a mage (male) in his mid-thirties, with a warm demeanor and a tall stature, uncommon for a mage.
And...
"You're young. I'm Gold Aldide."
He was a sixth-grade psionicist (male), looking much more energetic than I expected.
"Nice to meet you, Rhen Suiz."
"Are you… perhaps a former soldier?"
"No, why do you ask?"
"Your deference is so natural, I thought you might be."
Is he trying to get some respect from me because of my age? 
I wondered, but didn't dwell on it.
Whatever the answer, it wasn't that important.
"Aldide, if you're here thinking this is a normal explorer team, you're already late.  We'll be operating under the military for a while, and for organization, a strict chain of command is crucial."
A crucial point of any first meeting is to establish dominance. 
When I firmly set the boundary, Gold Aldide, or "Didi" for short, backed down with a friendly smile. 
"Ha ha, of course not.  It's just curiosity.  It's not like I have any complaints about you lowering yourself. I've been an explorer for this long, and I've never been under someone younger than me.  It's familiar."
"Good to hear then.  Mage…."
"Riard Ashid. Call me Riard or Ashid, whichever you prefer."
"I'll call you Ashid. Ashid, do you think the same as this old man?"
"Of course.  Getting respect based on ability is natural in our mage tower society.  This team is a great opportunity for me, one I don't want to miss."
"Opportunity..."
"Just joining the expeditionary force guarantees a lot of rewards.  But yesterday, I heard from the Baron… that you've become the leader of the expeditionary force, Suiz-nim?"
Ah, had the Baron already told them that much?
"It seems we've stumbled upon something good.  Being directly under the leader means more chances to gain merit.  Don't you think so, Aldide-nim?"
As Ashid asked with a soft smile, Didi, the old man, also nodded in agreement with a cough.
I gave them a quick glance.
"Everyone's first impression isn't bad."
First, mage Ashid.
Though we haven't exchanged many words, he seems competent.
Well, are there any mages who are stupid?
But social skills and intelligence are different things.
"This old man seems to be keeping his age in check."
Of course, Ashid played a part in that. 
By talking about opportunity and leadership, he subtly showed them they were the underlings, imprinting that fact on the old man. 
"Well, Suiz-nim, if you're okay with it, would you like to introduce the other two?"
Ashid cautiously opened his mouth, and at my nod, Erwen and Amelia introduced themselves briefly.
"I'm Erwen Fornach Di Tersia."
"Amelia Reigns."
They reacted differently to each of them.  They were surprised to hear "Bloodling Empress" in Erwen's case, but Amelia's name was unknown to them, so they just tilted their heads.
But...
"Good that they didn't ask about her identity even if they're curious."
Well, it seems my luck with the team members isn't bad?
"Come in."
After introductions, I ushered them into the house.  I had prepared a lot of food, anticipating this meal.
"By the way, I forgot to ask.  Have you eaten?"
"I didn't eat anything, anticipating this invitation."
"It's best to stay on an empty stomach before something important, you know."
So, both of them are on an empty stomach.
"I haven't prepared anything special, but eat as much as you want.  Let me know if you have anything to ask."
Once everyone was seated at the table, we ate and talked.
"I don't know who cooked it, but the food is amazing."
"Hee hee, I made it.  Thank you."
"The thanks should be for me."
"Oh, my, you're so kind.  Ho ho."
Ashid and Erwen were making the atmosphere more comfortable.  I just sat and ate.
After all, the food was all from the restaurant.
I went out and bought it myself this morning and put it on plates before bringing it to the table, so I wasn't lying when I said I prepared it.
"If it were Misha, she would've insisted on cooking it herself from this morning."
Misha popped into my head, but I didn't intend to downplay Erwen's efforts.
I always told her we should just go out and buy food because I didn't like to see her working so hard.
She always insisted on cooking it herself.
"I wonder how she's doing..."
Even though we're forming this team for the short term, just thinking about taking on new members made me feel a bit restless.
"Suiz, what are you thinking about so hard?"
Amelia poked me in the side.
"Nothing.  We were talking about your experiences, right?"
My mind wandered for a moment, but I quickly rejoined the conversation, starting to investigate my new team members.
The information I heard from the Baron didn't differ much from what they said.
"The last time I entered the Labyrinth was seven years ago.  After my clan disbanded five years ago, I focused on research at the mage tower."
"Why did you change your mind now?"
"It's the same reason explorers strive to reach the upper floors."
A better life.
More opportunities.
It's much more believable than spouting some weird ideology.
"What can you do in the Labyrinth?"
"For a mage in the Labyrinth, it's not about what you can do, but what you can't do."
Ashid smirked at my question and shared his skills.
"I can only perform a small portion of fifth-grade curses and support magic up to the fourth grade.  Other than that, you can assume I know all other magic, except for specific magic unique to other schools. Oh, and since I'm interested in the Labyrinth, I have a lot of knowledge about collecting materials and resources.  That could be considered a strength, I guess."
Ashid was a kind of all-rounder.
He lacked a bit in curses and support magic, but not enough to be a deal-breaker.
"If you insist on asking what I'm good at, I'd say offensive magic."
"Attributes?"
"I don't think I have any particular preference."
Wow, attributes are also broad?
"Is the Langman School for combat magic?"
"No.  It specializes in curses."
What? This guy is funny.
He went to a curse school, but his strongest skill is attack magic?
He must have a story…
"Well, if you have no more questions for me, I'd like to hear about Aldide-nim."
As I was pondering whether to ask about his story, Ashid smoothly passed the turn to Didi, the old man.
"Was he trying to bait me?"
Even if he was, I didn't feel offended.
I was hesitant to ask because I thought it would be a personal story anyway.
"I'm a Healer."
Healer is a sub-category of psionicists.
If you imitate a priest's healing power, you're a Healer.
If you can substitute for a mage's firepower, you're a Sorceror.
A Sorceror who uses poison is a Toxin Sorceror, and one who uses fire is a Flame Sorceror.
If buffs and doping are your main specialty, you're a Support Shaman.
If you do the opposite, you're a Curse Shaman.
It's categorized like that, and as you become a higher-ranking explorer, the classification becomes more detailed and extensive.
Even me, if I were to submit a resume to the Guild, I'd have to write down "Guardian" instead of Barbarian Warrior.
"Healer... good balance."
Ashid nodded repeatedly, pleased with the composition of Didi's skills.
Well, it's common knowledge that Erwen is an archer, and Amelia carries a dagger and a leather jacket with her, so it's obvious what role she plays.
He must have heard about me from the Baron.
"Most of my abilities are healing-based, but I also have two support shaman skills."
In other words, he also has buff skills.
Didi explained his essence abilities and how they could be used, and then it was our turn.
Of course, we didn't need to explain our essence abilities in detail, as we weren't psionicists who required team understanding.
Our roles, what we can do.
It's enough to just mention Amelia's "Aura" and "Self-Replication," and Erwen's "Darkness Spirit."
"So, I think we've learned most of what we can through conversation.  What are we going to do now?"
"I'd like to meet and practice every day if possible."
"Yes, do you have a training ground you usually go to?"
"I did, but it collapsed and disappeared recently."
"Then I'll secure a place I know.  Oh, and we might have to communicate in writing, so can you all give me your addresses?"
"Here you go."
Is this how it feels to have a competent butler?
Ashid took care of the tedious tasks that I shouldn't need to bother with, and we could start meeting and practicing every day.
And as time passed...
"Suiz, the Baron called."
The day of the inauguration ceremony finally arrived.
"How do these guys work?"
It was three days before the Labyrinth entrance.