## Expedition (4)
Day 18 of the expedition into the Labyrinth.
*Whoosh!*
A medium-sized warship, carrying all thirty crew members, sliced through the waves and set sail. It was a ship supplied by the royal family, and its ownership was temporarily transferred to me, the expedition leader.
As the crew members went to their assigned cabins to unpack, Amelia approached the helmsman, who was also our navigator.
“Excuse me.”
“Ah, Emily Rains. What can I do for you?”
“How long until we reach Ice Rock?”
“We estimate around twelve days.”
“Is Ice Rock closer than the Dark Continent? When I took a ship last time, it took two weeks to reach the Dark Continent.”
“While the distances are comparable, the ships are different. The Type 7 warship we’re on is considered medium-sized, but it has exceptional maneuverability.”
“I don’t understand how a mere three-day difference makes it exceptionally maneuverable.”
“The far east coast is unlike a regular sea.”
“Hmm, I see.”
Amelia, who had recently become deeply interested in sailing, nodded in understanding.
“You seem to know a lot about warships, don’t you?”
“Haha, I have to. I’ve been piloting them for half my life.”
Our sole navigator was from the 5th Team, originally a member of the royal military.
Come to think of it, that explains how Kaislan finished last, arriving on the 6th floor. He must have sped through the dungeon with a navigator in tow.
“Would you mind teaching me a bit about warships?”
“I’m sorry, but I cannot disclose information about warships.”
“Of course, I see…”
“…But since we’re all on the same ship, I can’t really stop you from peeking.”
“I won’t be a bother at all.”
As Amelia expressed her gratitude for the navigator's kindness, I went inside the ship. 
A room located deep inside the heart of the ship.
“Oh, everyone’s here.”
“It was the expedition leader’s order, wasn’t it? We were told to gather here once we finished unpacking.”
The room, designed with command meetings in mind, housed the team leaders, waiting for my arrival. I swiftly asked a question.
“Has anyone been to Ice Rock before?”
Only Akuraba and James Kala raised their hands.
“Is that it? Nobody else?”
“It’s not a place you go often, after all.”
“We have been on a few expeditions to Ice Rock in the past, but only for clan-related purposes.”
Of course, it’s not a suitable environment for normal hunting. Even in this ship, filled with the best of the best, probably less than half have experienced Ice Rock.
“I see.”
I nodded, then gave them brief instructions.
“James Kala, you will focus on training the crew during the voyage.”
“Training?”
“Things like formations, you know. We couldn’t do much of that in the city. Everyone here is an experienced explorer, so even a few drills on deck should be enough for them to adapt quickly in real combat.”
“Understood.”
First, I need to increase the expedition leader’s personal command options. Otherwise, we could suffer unexpected losses in emergency situations. We haven’t even perfected our formations for retreats or escapes.
“Since our destination is Ice Rock, we should prioritize skills that will be useful there.”
“It’s nice that you’re keeping things short.”
Okay, he’s a member of a major clan, well-versed in all kinds of formations. He’ll handle this part perfectly.
“Titana Akuraba, you will take charge of supplies once everyone is settled.”
“What kind of authority?”
“I’m leaving everything to you from now on.”
Akuraba was put in charge of managing all exploration equipment and consumables.  I didn’t want to give it to someone like Jun, from the religious faction, or Kaislan, who’s rigid and from the military.
On the other hand, Akuraba is a seasoned, legendary explorer, old and experienced. Even if complaints arise from the crew, he’d be able to quell them easily.
“Meland Kaislan.”
Next in line was the knight. He swallowed nervously, his eyes betraying his anticipation.
He does seem quite cute, if you think about it…
“You will be in charge of security within the expedition. In case of disputes, you will be the first to step in and mediate. You will also be responsible for handling any unforeseen incidents.”
“So you want to make Kaislan your right-hand man? I understand. I will.”
Wait, why does that mean he’s your right-hand man? 
Military guys really think differently.
“Well, that leaves me last, then.”
Once Kaislan was assigned his role, the holy knight, Jun, chuckled at me.
“What can I do to help you?”
Since that day we sparred, he’s become remarkably friendly towards me. 
I do suspect, every now and then, “Is this guy…?” But I ignore it and speak up.
“When you’re on an expedition, explorers often seek out priests, right?”
“Yes, I’ve heard that. Dungeons tend to leave you mentally drained.”
“Listen to them and be receptive. If you hear something I need to know, let me know. That’s your objective.”
“The non-human races won’t seek me out.”
Of course, they wouldn’t.
The Samsin religion is for humans.
But…
“That’s enough.”
More than half of the expedition members are human.
And even those humans are spread out across the teams.
Just listening to them should be a big help in understanding the general sentiment.
“Is that all the instructions?”
Akuraba immediately asked, and when I confirmed that it was, she cautiously asked if she could ask a question.
“Question? Go ahead.”
“Why are you giving us this authority? We’re not your puppets, you know?”
I couldn’t help but chuckle at that question.
‘What, I thought she was going to say something profound.’
There was no need to think about it, so I gave a short answer.
“Because it’s efficient.”
We’re already in the same boat, after all.
***
We finally reached our destination after navigating through the windless zone and past the Grand Rock, teeming with reefs.
The total journey time was twelve days and seven hours. Exactly as the navigator predicted, we’d traveled the shortest distance without stopping at any islands along the way.
‘War ships really are the best.’
Not only did they tear through the windless zone in a flash, but it was truly impressive to see the ship’s durability, crashing into reefs on the east coast and pushing onward. 
The icebreaker in front also looks incredibly sturdy.
*Kwaka-ka-ka-kak! Kwaka-ka-ka-ga-ga-kak!*
It isn’t classified as a special region like ‘Ice Sea’, but the ship cuts through the floating ice shards as if it were nothing.
“We actually made it…”
The crew members, gathered on deck, exhale puffs of breath as they watch the continent drawing closer.
Whether it’s leather, plate armor, or cloth, everyone has thick furs over their gear. 
All of this was also supplied by the royal family. 
‘Ugh, I’d rather be hot than cold….’
Like the other crew members, I too was mentally prepared. 
And…
“Hold on tight, everyone! We’re entering the portal!”
The moment the navigator shouted,
「You’ve entered Ice Rock on the 7th floor.」
The blue portal light enveloped our ship. 
Well, even without such an effect, the coldness would have made it clear that we’d arrived at Ice Rock.
「Character has entered a special region.」
「Field effect – Ice Rock is applied.」
「Frost Resistance value decreased by -100.」
The coldness that rushed over me, the drop in resistance value.
For now, that’s the only change I can feel, but surely, those damn effects have been applied to our bodies as well. 
The thing that makes every explorer avoid Ice Rock.
「Status effect [Frozen World] is applied.」
「Space-related items are deactivated.」
Not only sub-space but even expansionary backpacks are rendered useless.
This short line is enough to drive a man mad.
“Alright! Don’t just stand there, let’s unload the cargo!”
Akuraba, now in charge of supplies, took control of the crew, unloading the supply crates enchanted with the ‘Preservation’ magic onto the land.
We’ll be hauling these around from now on.
Wait, that’s not all?
There’s something even more infuriating added to the mix.
「Status effect [Starvation] is applied.」
「Resource acquisition through consumption decreased by 3x.」
Even with the same food, you get hungry three times faster here.
That’s why we need so many supply crates.
This is probably the biggest reason why most explorers don’t treat this place as a hunting ground.
You can handle the cold, but not the hunger.
With limited food, we have a set amount of time to spend here.
‘We have enough food for a month, at least.’
Of course, this is assuming nothing goes wrong.
“Sir, they said they’re ready to depart.”
Anyway, with everyone moving together, unloading the cargo from the ship was a breeze.
Five sleds filled with crates, sitting on the frozen ground.
“Let’s get back to the ship.”
After unloading, just the navigator and I went back to the 6th floor. We swapped onto a small boat and recalled the warship.
「You’ve entered Ice Rock on the 7th floor.」
Then we sailed back to where we were.
A bit tedious, but a necessary step.
Plus, we can’t leave the warship behind.
“What are you going to do with this ship?”
What else? We need to leave it here.
Just in case, I hid it well in a secluded corner so it doesn’t drift away.
With that, all expedition preparations are complete.
“Formations, everyone!”
The crew members were expertly trained, and moved in perfect unison, preparing the formation for our march.
“Depart!”
At my shout, the expedition’s first march began.
***
The expedition’s formation on this wide, flat terrain is simple.
My team, the 1st, leads the way.
The 3rd and 5th teams are on the left and right.
The 4th team is in the rear, while the 2nd team, responsible for managing supplies, follows us from the center.
*Kuung, kuung, kuung-*
It’s a heavy sound.
“Sir, are those Ice Trolls?”
Three Ice Trolls are pulling the five sleds laden with supplies, trailing our march.
It’s the work of the summoner in Akuraba’s team.
If we didn’t have those, we’d be seeing a truly epic spectacle of people pulling sleds by hand.
“Halt!”
We were about to leave the entrance of Ice Rock, marching eastward, when the 1st team stopped.
There’s no need to double-check the reason.
*Tududududududu-*
The massive creature rises from the ice that looked like a cliff, breaking apart.
“Stonewinter!”
Stonewinter, a Rank 3 monster.
Classified as a giant-type, and there are three of them.
*Ku-u-u-u-ung!*
Well, even for Ice Rock, that’s a bit much. 
Why do we have Rank 3s right from the start?
“Everyone, combat formation!”
As I yelled, the crew reacted swiftly. 
Luckily, none of them were frozen in fear. 
Of course, with our firepower, three Rank 3s should be easy, right?
With that thought in mind, I commanded the fight, but it didn’t take long for my expectations to crumble.
「You’ve defeated Stonewinter. EXP +7」
After the first battle, there wasn’t a cheer, just a deathly silence over the expedition.
“…Damage report.”
I asked, forcing myself to suppress my despair, and the team leaders nervously replied, looking at me.
“Four minor injuries, three serious injuries. We’re treating the serious cases first.”
Casualties were the least of our worries.
Yes, it’s to be expected.
It’s the first time we’ve all fought together, after all.
And with three Rank 3s appearing at once, it’s understandable.
It’s simply a matter of getting them healed by a priest.
However…
“And?”
“…One sled was half-destroyed, and the supplies it carried were lost.”
That’s the real problem.
The giant-type monster managed to reach the sleds, and unfortunately, the ground beneath it collapsed under the weight, losing a fifth of our supplies.
“What was the ratio of food in that sled?”
“…It was all food.”
As soon as those words left Akuraba’s mouth, the most unwelcome sentence I could hear, curses flew out of my mouth.
“Damn it.”
It’s only been one day since we entered Ice Rock.
“We’re picking up the pace from now on.”
The arduous march had begun. 