##  Chapter 402: Icerock (3)
“Traitor…?”
“What do you mean?”
The team leaders frowned at my blunt statement. They seemed to grasp the general meaning behind my cryptic words, though they lacked context. James Callah cautiously opened his mouth.
“…Could you be referring to the incident where we lost supplies?”
I confirmed without hesitation. 
“Yes, that’s right.”
“But that incident was—”
“A coincidence? You brought up that incident the moment I mentioned a traitor. Does that mean you, too, thought something was off?”
“That’s… well.”
James Callah was speechless. As if to defend him, Acuraba interjected, her displeasure evident.
“Thinking something to yourself is completely different from voicing it. ‘Traitor’? That's an extremely sensitive and risky topic to bring up based solely on suspicion.”
Every word she uttered was accurate.  Only one crucial element was missing from the conversation.
“So, what’s the point you’re trying to make?”
“Whether we suspect anyone or not, we need solid evidence that everyone can agree on.”
Ah, a shot right at the heart. 
Did she think I was suspecting her? Well, she was responsible for supply management, so I suppose she might already be activating her defense mechanisms, assuming I would suspect her.
Before I could further mislead them, I cut to the chase. 
“Don’t worry. I’m not suspecting any of you.”
“What? But just now you…”
“If I had suspected any of you, I wouldn't have brought you here for this discussion.”
To be precise, I initially suspected everyone, but that’s no longer the case. I know who the culprit is. Thankfully, it wasn’t one of our precious team leaders.
“Then who are you suspecting as the traitor?”
“Pike Neldine.”
As soon as I finished speaking, everyone's eyes turned to James Callah.
“He was a warrior in James Callah’s team, wasn’t he?”
“He constantly badmouthed the expedition leader.”
“Hmm… then his goal could have been to undermine the expedition leader.”
The three leaders seemed to be picturing the situation, assuming my statement was true.
James Callah, under the scrutiny of their gazes, hastily spoke up.
“Wait a minute! There must be some kind of misunderstanding. Neldine, he might be a bit narrow-minded and whatnot, but—”
“Interesting. You know so much about that guy to say something like that.”
“What…?”
“I’ve already finished investigating him. He joined the expedition through the Explorer Guild’s recommendation, right? You didn’t know him before, you met him for the first time when he joined.”
“That's true, but… well.”
As James Callah trailed off, Acuraba stepped in to help. 
“Schwytz. It seems we need to hear your reasons for suspecting him as a traitor. If you have evidence, that would be even better.”
Oh, come on. Evidence, evidence, evidence. 
I'm starting to get a headache from hearing it so much, but I explained, as planned, the reasons why I suspected Pike Neldine as a traitor.
When I finished speaking…
“Indeed…,”
“I can see that you’re not just making things up.”
“Though it’s still just suspicion, it seems like enough to warrant suspicion.”
All the team leaders accepted my suspicions as valid. Well, except for James.
“But the most important piece of evidence is missing, isn’t it? You can’t convince anyone with just these circumstances. Some might even consider this an act of retaliation!”
This was the first time he raised his voice, but I wasn’t particularly offended. It’s natural for a team leader to protect his team members.
“Calm down. I know that, which is why I called you all here to have this honest discussion.”
I looked at James Callah and asked,
“Answer me this. Do you still think I’m making a baseless accusation?”
“I… don’t. Not anymore.”
“Good, that’s all I need.”
Before he could say anything else, I clapped my hands loudly to lighten the mood and continued,
“Listen carefully. I need your help from now on.”
“Help? …What do you mean?”
“Let me explain.”
I shared my plan with the team leaders and soon gained their agreement.
And then…
“It must be getting dark outside.”
It was night. Well, inside this cave, it’s always dark, whether it’s night or day.
“Alright, that’s all for now. You go and bring everyone, including Pike Neldine.”
Since it’s night, it’s time to start the trial.
***
The frozen ceiling and outer walls. 
The giant sinkhole in the center of the cavern.
And the campsite built beside it, where thirty members of the expedition team gathered.
“…I’m exhausted. What’s going on? Does anyone know?”
“They say there’s a traitor in the expedition team.”
“Traitor?”
“Yeah, they say he’s the one who orchestrated the loss of our food.”
It seemed that the team leaders had followed my instructions and leaked some information. The gathered members looked deeply bewildered. However, it didn't take long for their confusion to transform into curiosity.
“So who’s this traitor?”
“Well, I suppose you’ll find out soon enough.”
“Right. Considering they gathered us all at this hour, it means they must have found out who it is.”
The murmurs subsided, and everyone's attention focused on me. However, I ignored their gazes, focusing only on one specific person.
“Neldine, why are you acting like that?”
Pike Neldine. 
The warrior in James Callah’s team who constantly talked behind my back.
‘The little guy’s getting scared.’
At first, he flinched and avoided eye contact when he met my gaze, but now he's looking back at me without averting his eyes.
It's a common habit of liars.
They worry that if they avoid eye contact, the other person will think they're hiding something.
“Alright, everyone, quiet!”
At my gesture, Kaislan stepped forward and quelled the members, and soon a chilling silence enveloped the area.
Perfect atmosphere for a one-sided speech.
“Pike Neldine, come forward.”
As soon as I finished speaking, all the members' gazes shifted to one point.
“…What? Don’t tell me it’s this guy?”
“Don’t call him ‘that guy.’ Nothing’s confirmed yet.”
Murmurs echoed from various spots.
“Are you not going to come forward?”
The moment I continued, those around Pike Neldine made way for him.
And then…
Thud, thud. 
He stood before me, his face contorted in a frown, radiating confidence.
“…Here I am.”
“You’re quite bold.”
"Is there any reason you can't do that? Alright, now let's hear the reason. What is the reason you called me?"
The guy shot me a hostile glare.
I had a rough idea of the situation.
I didn’t think he would break down and confess everything after I set the mood and scared him.
“Pike Neldine.”
“I’m listening, so speak.”
“You are currently facing accusations of committing a serious act of treason.”
“…Treason?”
“You’ve caused serious damage to the expedition team, established under the king's mandate. Wouldn’t it be fair to consider that an act of treason?”
“…I don’t understand this situation. What have I done? If you’re upset about me talking bad about you, then—”
“Pike Neldine!”
I raised my voice to cut him off, not wanting to give him time to spin his web of lies.
“You deliberately caused the collapse of the ground twice during the expedition, leading to the loss of valuable supplies! Do you admit to it?”
“Of course, I don't! It’s not true.”
“You’re going to deny it to the very end?”
“Why are you all just watching? How dare the expedition leader persecute a member without any evidence!”
He yelled at the other members, not me. As a result, public opinion began to sway.
“Well… I don’t understand it.”
“Just calling people out like that… it seems pointless.”
“Come to think of it, he constantly badmouthed the leader.”
“But just saying he’s a traitor without clear evidence… I don’t know.”
“Wasn’t the ground collapse a coincidence?”
He clearly wanted everyone to think I was holding a personal grudge and retaliating.
“Schwytz, you’re making a huge mistake.”
He looked at me with arrogant eyes.
“If you want to frame me, then at least present evidence that everyone here can accept.”
“Evidence…,”
That was my biggest headache.
Torturing him to get a confession is unrealistic.
And I don't have any proof.
Verification magic?
Even past the 5th floor, most explorers are immune to verification magic.
How many of these people would be affected by the spell?
I worried and worried about it.
And then…
‘There’s no answer.’
I came to a conclusion.
If I can’t make him confess with leading questions…
“I can see that you’re not even trying—”
There’s only one way.
「Character used [Gigantification].」
My body swelled rapidly.
Swoosh.
I snatched his neck with lightning-fast speed.
“ …!”
The members looked surprised, but none of them rushed to intervene.
It’s the nature of explorers.
If the situation isn’t fully understood, most of them remain passive observers.
“Ha, what are you doing—!”
“Seems you like making friends. Maybe you didn’t have any real friends to help you in this situation.”
“St, stop—!”
Don’t tell me, it’s barely begun.
Squeeze-
I squeezed his neck, cutting off his airway.
Whack! Whack! 
He punched my arm with all his might. 
It was the most pointless thing I've ever seen.
Swoosh.
I bent my arm and pulled him towards me, regardless of his struggles.
And then…
“Neldine, you know?”
“…G, g, gah!”
“I don’t need evidence. The expedition leader has the power to execute any member on the spot in case of an emergency.”
“G, g, guh!”
“I consider this an emergency.”
At those words, I slightly released the pressure on his neck. Seizing the opportunity, he desperately yelled.
“T, t, tell them, t, th—!”
“Yes, they won’t believe it.”
The nobles aren’t fools.
And how many eyes are watching here?
The moment I execute this guy, the Viscount’s rivals will make me responsible and force me to step down as expedition leader.
But…
“Who cares?”
“ …?!”
“I don’t care about that.”
I truly intended to kill him, so I squeezed his neck with all my might.
Soon, his veins stood out prominently, and his blood-engorged head started to turn crimson.
“ …!!”
He desperately tried to stay conscious, but he no longer looked at me. He simply looked around, begging for salvation.
“Is… it… okay… to… leave… him…?”
“It’ll surely… cause… trouble.”
“Lord Kaislan, shouldn’t we stop him now?”
The members expressed their concerns.
However, every team leader remained silent, observing the situation.
Because, you see…
“… …”
“… …”
They were tacitly showing their support by watching silently.
Was it because they, too, were silently agreeing with my actions?
Before long, even those who insisted on actively voicing their concerns and urging for his rescue disappeared.
And then…
“A… n… o…,”
He was the one who realized it most deeply, the one right before me.
N, no, come on.
“Get… ou… t,”
I channeled my killing intent, squeezing his neck with all my might.
Crack-!
His neck bones crushed.
His whites started showing.
His eyeballs popped out grotesquely.
“Damn it!”
Someone cursed, and as soon as they shouted, the moment of his death came.
「Pike Neldine used [Overload].」
I couldn’t handle the sudden increase in his weight, so my arm buckled.
Yes, finally, you used it, huh?
KABOOM-!
His body collapsed, his feet finally touching the ground as my arm gave way.
“Ugh…!”
I finally released his neck, and he collapsed in pain, gasping for air.
Then, he screamed as loudly as he could.
“Y, you’re crazy! Ev, everyone, what are you doing! St, stop this madman, s, stop him!”
His cries, like those of a man who’d cheated death, caused the members to stir. They looked as if they should intervene now.
“Why are you all just watching?!”
He cried out to the team leaders, as if he was wronged.
However, the team leaders looked at him with cold indifference.
“We… hoped… his words… were… false.”
“It… is… truly… [Overload]. There’s… no… reason… for… a… warrior… to… possess… it.”
“Let’s… restrain… him first. If… he… tries… to… commit… suicide… we’ll… never… learn… the… truth… behind… it.”
Today’s lesson number one.
If you have a strong suspicion, then you can create evidence. 
]]]