## Chapter 403: Icerock (4)
After becoming certain of the traitor's existence, I relentlessly investigated my surroundings every day.  Of course, I didn't act like a detective, but rather a carefree wanderer during breaks or while camping, casually striking up conversations.  Otherwise, the culprit might disappear, hiding their tail—
“Wait a minute!  Explain this so we can understand!”
As the team leaders rushed forward to restrain Pike Neldaine, one of the members watching interjected.
“Explanation, huh…….”
There's no harm in providing one.  It might help to clarify the situation.
“I first began to suspect Pike Neldaine thanks to Elcobson Riadkay.”
“Riadkay, you say…….”
“The summoner from Akuraba's team?”
Perhaps lacking in self-confidence, the summoner flinched significantly, displaying a sense of panic as everyone turned their attention to her.
“U-um, yes?  I-is it because of me?”
“Yes, when I questioned you, you mentioned how the trolls seemed unusually exhausted.  It felt strange, you said.”
“Oh, yes.  I definitely said something like that, but…….”
Why is she so timid?  Is she worried about getting caught in the crossfire?  If so, her worries are unfounded.  I wouldn't harm the biggest contributor to this investigation, would I?
“Anyway!  That's where it all began.”
A turning point in my train of thought, perhaps?  While I initially assumed the phenomenon of ground subsidence was due to magic or skills, her testimony changed my perspective.  Instead of focusing on external factors, I began to focus on the ‘trolls’ themselves.
“I decided there had to be a problem with the trolls, so I investigated who had approached them before and after the incident.”
I spoke my deduction in front of the crowd.
“Until then, I was suspicious of Akuraba’s team members and the mages who constantly stood near the sleds because they needed to maintain their ‘preservation’ magic.”
A true ‘barbarian detective’ mode.
“But after investigating, I found out there was one more person who had approached the trolls.”
I pointed at the culprit bound with ropes.
“It was Pike Neldaine.”
“……!”
“He used all kinds of excuses to approach the trolls, making contact with them naturally.  After the incident, he vanished like a ghost—”
“T-that’s just circumstantial evidence!”
Pike Neldaine, bound with ropes, protested.
“Are you going to frame someone based on something like that?”
Ha, I haven't even finished speaking yet.
Paladin Joon attempted to silence him with a gag, but I stopped him with a gesture.  Why would I bother to stop him from digging his own grave?
“Evidence! You’re saying there’s no evidence, right?!”
Yes, there was no direct evidence.  That’s why I had to resort to this inconvenient method.  People only want to believe what they’ve seen.
Before I could say anything, Akuraba, who stood beside me, spoke up.
“The ability you just used was [Overload].”
“S-so what?  What does that mean?”
“Why have you been hiding your possession of that ability until now?”
“W-well, everyone has a secret weapon, don’t they?”
“Hmm, so that’s the ‘warrior’s’ secret weapon? A 7th-grade essence, [Overload]?”
The culprit, faced with Akuraba’s sarcastic remarks, clamped his mouth shut.  Of course, [Overload] is an ability that increases the damage of ranged attack skills in exchange for temporarily increasing your weight, which reduces your movement speed.  Not a suitable skill for a warrior.  Hence,…….
“D-don’t try to change the subject!  [Overload] is an ability that only affects yourself!”
As expected, the culprit tried to find a loophole.
“Yes, I’ve seen a few people use [Overload] before.”
“It’s definitely an ability that cannot be used on others.”
“What?  So you’re saying you’ve caught the wrong person?”
Some of the members murmured, seemingly swayed by the culprit's logic.
“This man is using illogical reasoning to bully an innocent member! Everyone, help me! Otherwise, you may be next!”
The culprit, emboldened, shouted.
This is great, really.
Grin.
I was waiting for this logic to come out.  His attempt to protect himself in the previous conversation would eventually ensnare him.  He’s trapped, no matter what he does now.  It’s time to pull out the sword.
“Hey, can you lend me a sword?”
I forcefully borrowed a sword from one of the nearby members and approached the culprit.
“W-what are you trying to do…  E-everyone, help—.”
“Everyone, stay still!”
“Kuh—!”
I grabbed the bound culprit by the back of the neck and lifted him high for everyone to see.  This caused the members to flinch, looking at each other.  They seemed to think they should intervene.
Before their opinions could coalesce, I rushed to shout.
“An ability that only affects yourself?  [Overload] is definitely such an ability.  But—!”
You little punk, dare you try to deceive me?  I’ve played ‘Dungeon & Stone’ for years!
“If someone has the transformation-type ability [Bestow], then things are different.”
As I spoke, I slashed the culprit’s arm with the sword, targeting his vein, specifically.
Drizzle.
Blood flowed down.  Although the pressure difference from the wide cut prevented a blood fountain, the amount of blood flowing was even greater.
“He won’t last a few minutes with that amount of blood loss.”
“……T-treatment is needed… P-Paladin!”
The members panicked at this sudden execution scene.
“Stay still!”
“Trust us and wait.  It won’t be what you think.”
However, the team leaders, who had been watching the situation unfold, intervened, preventing them from acting rashly.
One minute, two minutes, three minutes…….
The time, which felt frozen forever, passed, and a few with sharp eyes noticed something unusual.
“Why isn’t he dying?”
“With that much bleeding, he should still be conscious?”
“Look at the pool of blood on the ground.  Even if all the blood in his body drained, he wouldn’t look like that……”
Are they explorers, specialists in hunting and killing?  They noticed much earlier than I expected.  Anyway, the situation is ripe now…….
“Ahem.”
I cleared my throat, which had been frozen from the cold, and shouted again.
“What you saw just now is a manifestation ability called [Blood Spring], the embodiment of the 5th-grade monster, Blood Roar!”
Manifestation ability.  The term used in this world for passive skills.
“……[Blood Spring]?”
“What is that?”
“I’ve read about it in a book before.  It’s an ability that makes it impossible for a creature to die from blood loss.”
“Wait, Blood Roar…  wasn’t that one of the monsters with [Bestow], which you mentioned earlier?”
“That’s right.  They always travel with other beast type monsters, and I remember that ability acting quite complexly.”
“So that means……!”
The members began to understand, without me having to do anything more.
I then threw the culprit I was holding onto the ground.
Boom.
He didn’t even groan despite the considerable impact.  He must have decided that even that amount of time was a luxury.
“Wait!  I-it’s true I ate the Blood Roar’s essence, but that’s not evidence of [Bestow], is it?”
What, is he still clinging to evidence?
I didn’t need to step in this time either.
“Then show us another one of the Blood Roar’s abilities.”
“T-that’s…….”
“There were four in total, right?  All of them were easy to see with the naked eye, as I recall.”
“F-fine!  I admit I have [Bestow]! But that doesn’t mean I betrayed you!”
“Then why did you deny it at first?”
“I-I was just scared… I was afraid of being framed as a traitor!”
His final plea, uttered with a trembling body.  His appearance, covered in blood and tightly bound with ropes, rolling on the floor, was pitiful.  But I was not worried.
“E-everyone, why are you doing this?  I wouldn’t have the ability to do such a thing!  It’s not possible for me to be the culprit!”
The presumption of innocence.  If this were a modern trial.  No, if it were a trial in a city with laws, even if they were a bit barbaric, it might have held up.  But…….
“Pike Neldaine, how long will you continue to speak such naive words?”
This is a labyrinth.  And most importantly.
“What are you all pondering?  Look at him, his expression and tone speak of lies.”
The explorers aren’t fools.
“Come to think of it, it was strange that the ground collapsed twice.  We never experienced anything like that when we came here before.”
Now, everyone was ready to admit it.
“Yeah, it was all because of this bastard!  Pike Neldaine was indeed the traitor, and all the hunger and discomfort we experienced on this journey stemmed from him.”
Thump, thump.
The culprit, who had been crawling towards the members while avoiding me, quickly turned around and headed towards me.
“W-wait! Please spare me!  I’ll tell you everything you ask!”
Okay, let’s get into interrogation mode then.
***
4th-grade explorer Pike Neldaine.  He’d been around, joining elite teams and large clans.  So why did he betray the expedition?  Or, to be more accurate…….
“Who’s your backer?  Noarck?  Alminers Mercantile?  Or maybe the Explorers’ Guild?”
Come on, tell me already.  Be honest, and I’ll give your “happy button” in your head a push with this hammer, okay?
“……There’s no backer!  I just hated you…….”
Ha, he still hasn’t come to his senses.
“Joon.”
I called out briefly, and Joon, standing by, mercilessly plunged a long awl under the culprit’s fingernail.
“Kuaaaaaaaaaaaak!!”
“To have a body that doesn’t die even with severe bleeding, how rare.”
“Kueek, kuee, ueek, ueek!”
“You can endure bleeding, but not damage to your organs, so be careful.”
“Don’t worry.  That one doesn’t want this one dead just yet.”
Is this a Paladin……?  His words lacked mercy, and his torture methods were strangely skillful.
‘What the hell, this guy…  Didn’t he used to be an inquisitor or something?’
That’s something to consider.  He gave up his faith, and the name ‘Joon’ isn’t known in the city……  He’s suspicious, isn’t he?  Well, for now, his ability was helpful.
“S-stop it…  I’ll tell you everything…!”
The culprit, a warrior after all, finally broke after enduring more than an hour.
“Your backer?”
“Iliya Adners…….”
“The Guild Master of the Explorers’ Guild.”
This is fucked.  Suddenly, a big shot like that?
“Tell me properly.  Are you sure?”
“Y-yes, I’m sure!  I didn’t meet him personally, but his aide was the one who instructed me to sabotage this expedition!”
Ah, it doesn’t seem like a lie though.  Leaving the Guild Master problem aside for now, I continued the interrogation.
“So, what orders did you receive?”
“…….”
“Joon?”
“He ordered me to ensure the expedition failed!”
“What specific orders?”
I asked various questions, piecing together the details.  To summarize briefly, the Guild Master knew we were headed for Icerock and sabotaged the expedition by tampering with our food and supplies.
“I-I swear I didn’t intend to harm anyone. If that was the case, I wouldn’t have done it!”
“What are you saying?  Two of the members almost fell down, and our mage had to intervene. If she hadn’t, they definitely would have died.”
“T-that’s just……!  I didn’t know they would go that far to protect their supplies!”
The culprit shouted, seemingly genuinely wronged.  Hmm, it doesn’t sound like a lie either…….
Pow-!
After hearing everything I needed, I slapped him on the jaw and knocked him unconscious.  Then I called for the team leaders who had gone out and shared information with them, initiating a discussion.
“I never would have thought he was the traitor……”
“More importantly, the Guild Master is the backer.  This is a much bigger situation than it seemed.  I wonder how things will turn out when we get back to the city……”
“It would have been better if Noarck had been behind this.”
They agreed to cooperate to catch the traitor, but I could tell they secretly hoped I was wrong.  Their expressions were uniformly bleak.
The only difference between them and ordinary people was the speed at which they accepted reality.
“Let’s discuss this first.  Why do you think the Guild Master wanted the expedition to fail?”
“The most likely reason is political maneuvering. If the expedition fails, he can shift the blame onto the Viscount.”
“Perhaps the Explorers’ Guild wanted to avoid swaying the war in favor of either the Wang family or Noarck.”
“That’s hard to believe…… but it’s not completely implausible.  The Explorers’ Guild is the biggest beneficiary of this war, so it makes sense.”
“Joon, what do you think?  No opinion?”
“…….”
The meeting yielded no results.  We had various speculations, but no way to know the truth yet.
“So… what are we going to do with Pike Neldaine?”
James Kala cautiously inquired, and the team leaders gave their opinions.
“Of course, we have to execute him. If a person who has disturbed discipline is allowed to roam free, it’s certain that morale will plummet.”
Meland Kailslan.
“I have a different opinion. If we let him live and return to the city, it will help to drive the Guild Master into a corner.  Joon, why aren’t you saying anything?”
Titana Akuraba.
“This decision belongs solely to Shuits.”
Paladin Joon.
“…….”
They turned their attention to me.  Well, it’s pretty obvious what I’ll do, isn’t it?
“Execute him.”
We have a long way to go, and I don’t have the capacity to carry a rat with me.
***
The execution took place that night in front of all the members.  I chose beheading, the easiest method during wartime.  Hanging requires a lot of preparation, and I could feel everyone craving blood.
Slice-!
The execution ended in a single stroke, as it should.  However, some, unsatisfied, approached the body, now cold and slumped on the floor, and even spat on it.  I guess explorers hate traitors even more than raiders.
“Where are you going……?”
“Patrol.”
I immediately left the scene and headed toward the outskirts.  And…….
「Character has equipped No. 6111 Fate Tracker.」
I put the ring I had been keeping in my pocket back on.  What is this?
「The ring has detected the character's fate.」
I thought the ring would extinguish once the traitor was caught.  It glowed softly as soon as I put it on.
Swoosh-
I sighed heavily as I saw the color.  Well, at least it turned yellow.  That’s something, right?