## The Dilemma (4)
Before I started playing *Dungeon & Stone*, the online game I enjoyed most was a PVP-centric one.
You chose one of two factions at character creation, then grew your power and clashed with the other on a different continent. I remember how satisfying it was to lead a raid into enemy territory and steal their field boss.
There was also the thrill of PK.
And the sweet taste of finishing off field bosses.
The game was even better because you got all kinds of praise from the enemy players.
‘It was a pretty fun game.’
If I hadn't stumbled upon *Dungeon & Stone*, I might still be playing that game.
It was the best of all the games I played.
‘… But if I had stuck with it, would I have ended up here?’
Such belated regrets aside, the reason that game suddenly popped into my head was simple.
In a way, there were a lot of similarities to my current situation.
The Shadow Continent is currently occupied by the Noark forces.
Our raid team has basically snuck into their territory.
And most importantly…
‘The tactics I used there are proving effective.’
I'm getting that same taste I experienced in that game.
“… S- Surprise attack!”
“How did they… How did they get here…!”
“Front! Take out the beasts in front first!”
“Agh! Aaaargh!”
The enemy’s panicked, confused movements.
“Damn it! Cowardly…!”
“They're taking advantage of this moment!”
“We'll take you all with us!”
The praises rained down.
[You have slain a Bone Dragonian. EXP +7]
Then there was the easy defeat of a Rank 3 monster, a piece of cake.
Of course, the real highlight was something else.
“Look, an Essence!”
Wow, was I getting a reward for doing something good?
Not only had our surprise attack resulted in a successful PK with no casualties, but we had also gotten a drop of Essence from the beast we killed.
This was the second Rank 3 Essence we’d gotten from this expedition.
“Ashd, you go get the Essence.”
“Yes.”
While I sent the mage to collect the Essence into a vial, we quickly cleaned up the battlefield.
After all, the spoils of war weren’t limited to Essence.
As always, there was another main dish to this PK feast.
“C- Cough… P- Please… spare me…”.
“You know I can't spare you.”
What the hell is he doing, talking to a corpse?
“Get out of the way. I've had enough of your useless babble.”
I pulled out my hammer and pressed down hard on their happiness button.
Crack, crack, crack-!
Their bodies went limp as their flesh was crushed.
After personally confirming their demise, I had the team strip their armor and store it in the expedition’s shared Dimensional Space.
“Whew, their Dimensional Space must be packed with loot if you include the armor they were carrying.”
“We’re all going to be rich when we go back.”
Just glancing at it was enough for the team to get fired up with excitement.
Of course, it was understandable.
Rank 3 Essence is valuable enough, but it can’t compare to the equipment of fifteen people who were operating on the seventh floor.
Most importantly, we hadn’t put much effort into this battle.
“The loot is all gathered.”
“Any casualties?”
“Zero.”
“Good, good.”
I couldn’t hide my satisfaction as I raised the corner of my lips.
A clean fight that concluded in less than five minutes, with no casualties.
“… Do you plan to fight like this every time from now on?”
“Is there a problem?”
“No. It's not that…”.
Akuraba hesitated before closing her mouth.
She had experienced it firsthand, so she knew.
This was the best way to surprise attack those who were carelessly hunting in their own territory.
Well, it wasn’t like it was without drawbacks.
‘Thirty minutes…’.
The battle had only lasted five minutes, but it took quite a while for those guys to encounter the monster.
But it was a negligible drawback compared to the advantages.
If someone gets hurt or killed while we’re fighting, that’s a much bigger loss, isn’t it?
Still, I couldn’t help but feel a little regret.
Kailslan cautiously offered me some advice.
“Shwitz, it was too hasty to kill them all. We should have captured one and gotten some information.”
Oh, you’re right.
“I'll do that starting with the next surprise attack.”
Kailslan’s face lit up as he assumed his advice was heeded.
“Mages, burn the bodies and wipe out any traces!”
After tidying up the surrounding area, we once again hid in the shadows and resumed our movement.
But maybe it was because it was so quiet…
I heard a conversation between two of the team members and couldn’t help but smirk.
“Did you see that gear?”
“If we fight like this ten more times… how much will all that be worth?”
Well, you’ll know soon enough.
***
After arriving in the Shadow Continent, our routine became this:
Thump, thump.
Moving while hidden in the shadows.
“It’s the enemy.”
If we spotted an enemy, we’d wait and watch for an opportunity until they were fighting a monster.
Then…
“Now’s our chance!”
We’d strike with full force when they were distracted by the monster.
Bang, bang, bang, boom-!
Whiz, whiz, whiz, whiz, whiz!
Rumble-!
After unleashing all our ranged firepower and wiping out the back row, the rest was easy.
“Let’s go!”
“Kill them all!”
Even when the melee units charged in, they were met with fierce resistance from the front row because of the monster in front of them.
Once again, the battle was over quickly.
‘Is this the tenth one now?’
As we moved, we kept repeating this process, and by the time we left the Dragon’s Den, we had already reached double digits.
“Mage! Set up a soundproof barrier so they can't hear us!”
“Hey! Be careful when you strip them! You keep getting bits of flesh attached!”
As the battle ended, the team went about collecting the spoils of war and erasing any traces, all with practiced ease.
I was watching when one of the team members dragged a survivor by the hair and brought him before me.
“Captain! Here’s the one you asked for!”
“Good work.”
“You’re welcome.”
From the second battle onwards, we’ve always left one alive and then interrogated them for information.
You never know.
This is a place called a dungeon, where anything can happen at any time.
We can’t afford to be negligent with information gathering, even under normal circumstances.
Besides, it’s not like I'm doing the interrogation myself.
“Jun.”
“I'll handle it.”
Jun, our expedition’s official information extractor, would take over and, after a while, the information would flow out, neatly organized.
For example, the guys we were hunting on the eighth floor were Noark’s elite.
And their base was completely empty.
We got a lot of useful information like that.
The only problem was that lately, there weren’t any guys who knew anything beyond that, so we hadn’t received any new information.
“Shwitz, come here for a moment. It’s urgent.”
Jun called for me during interrogation, a rare occurrence these days.
I rushed over, wondering what it was about, and saw the bound survivor, still alive.
That meant we’d gotten some significant information from this interrogation.
“Tell me. What have you found?”
“It’s a bit ambiguous to say that I’ve found something.”
“Ambiguous…?”
I tilted my head in confusion, and Jun shifted his gaze to a certain spot. I followed his gaze and saw a small stone pulsing faintly with a light.
An item that every explorer knows.
“A Message Stone…?”
“This man was carrying it.”
“That means…”.
“Yes, someone contacted him. What shall we do?”
As Jun asked, the Message Stone pulsated faintly again.
Ziiiing-!
I couldn’t know how many times it would vibrate again.
That’s why I needed to make a decision quickly.
Swoosh.
I raised my hand slightly, gesturing for time, and began to organize my thoughts.
‘Is it nearby, or is this communication from far away?’
Depending on the quality, the radius of a Message Stone is limited.
But this is Noark territory.
It’s also possible this contact came from a great distance.
After all, that’s why the Royal Family created this expedition and attacked their base.
Magic Wave Emitter.
If you compare it to modern technology, it’s something akin to a transmission tower.
The guys who used the cheat code to enter the seventh floor directly had taken the drastic step of bringing in a huge device, too big for Dimensional Space.
Thanks to that, they could freely communicate with their forces scattered across the continent, actively harassing the Royal Family’s forces.
Ziiiing-!
The nerve-wracking vibration rang out again.
I finished my deliberation and checked a few things.
“Hey, you. Where do you think this contact came from?”
“… Ah, it’s probably a regular communication. Checking on the status of each force!”
Hmm, that’s right.
“Jun, what's the possibility of this guy trying to screw us over?”
“I think it's extremely unlikely.”
He couldn’t guarantee it, but at this point, that meant he was quite confident.
“… I- I can do it! I'll do whatever you say! So please, j- just kill me…!”
Hearing the man’s pleas for death over life, I made my decision.
Yes, this seems reliable enough.
“Alright, take the call. If they ask if something’s wrong, say nothing’s wrong.”
I said that and held the vibrating Message Stone towards the man’s face.
And…
Click.
The moment I pressed the button to answer the call…
A man’s voice came from beyond the glowing stone.
[Finally, we're connected.]
A deep voice, somehow memorable.
The moment I heard it, my heart began to race.
Thump, thump, thump—
It was a voice I couldn’t forget.
“R- Regal Vagos… is that you?”
Regal Vagos, the Dragon Slayer.
Creak.
So you’re somewhere on the seventh floor.
***
I’ve met many enemies since entering this world.
Most of them, I’ve crushed their skulls, but unfortunately, there are some I haven’t been strong enough to do that to.
Liachis, the Chaos Lord.
Avet Nekrapeto, the Corpse Collector.
Belbev Ruinzenes, the Destroyer, and so on and so forth.
Just thinking back, there are so many, but the one I have the most resentment for is undoubtedly this guy.
Regal Vagos, the Dragon Slayer.
The moment I heard his voice, my reason was clouded, and my blood boiled.
But…
Clench.
Now wasn’t the time for that.
I tightened my fist, forcing my emotions to calm.
And…
[Meylas, where are you now?]
I focused on the following conversation.
“Y- Yes, we’re in the Dragon’s Den, hunting with the team!”
[… Really? Then do you know anything?]
“Know… anything, you say…”.
[The guys who went into the Dragon’s Den, they haven’t been responding.]
“R- Really? I- I don’t know. W- We’re all doing fine. Really!”
He was practically begging me to doubt him.
It was fine that he was stuttering, but this was a bit too much, wasn’t it?
Just as I was thinking that…
Swoosh-
Jun quietly picked up a spear lying nearby, and the man’s attitude immediately corrected.
“But it is strange, isn’t it? They’re all unreachable. Could they have been taken out by monsters?”
His pronunciation was clear and precise, as if he had never stuttered.
[Even if those idiots are incompetent, they couldn't have all been killed.]
“… That’s right. But, are you alright?”
He even went so far as to proactively inquire about information.
[For now.]
“That’s a relief. I’ll investigate further to see if something happened here, so don’t worry.”
[You? Of all people?]
“…”.
[Don't bother. I already sent reinforcements. Join them and follow their orders.]
“Yes, I understand.”
[Tsk, useless bastards.]
The man hung up abruptly, clicking his tongue. Jun cautiously opened his mouth.
“It's a shame. If we could have also found out how many reinforcements he sent here, it would have been great.”
“Yeah, you’re right…”.
“… Are you uncomfortable? You don’t look well.”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s nothing.”
It’s just that I’m struggling to contain my rage.
Hearing that voice brought back a vivid memory of that day—
“Ah, no.”
I heard a rustle behind me.
Whiz.
I quickly turned my head and saw Erwen standing there.
Thump.
It looked like she was holding something in both hands, but whatever it was had fallen to the ground.
Normally, if she’d made a mistake, she would have bent down and picked it up, but Erwen stood still, staring only at me.
“Erwen? What are you doing here?”
As I questioned, I couldn’t help but notice something strange about Erwen.
“Wait a minute. You’re trembling…”.
“T- That v- voice…”.
“Calm down. Are you alright?”
“Just now! T- Th- That guy… It’s him, right…?”
For some reason, I still didn’t know why.
“Y- Yes, Regal Vagos… the Dragon Slayer…”.
Erwen was trembling in fear.