## Chapter 408: Dilemma (5)
The name Regal Bagos, the Dragon Slayer, is known to very few. Only those who were on my team back then, a handful of high-ranking figures in the Reatlas Church, and the leadership of the Dragonkin. Erwin, of course, knew nothing of this incident. All she knew was that a magician named Dwarki had met his end in the labyrinth.
“Did they have some kind of history together?” 
It did seem a bit strange. When I shared the hidden mission from the marquis to help Erwin defeat the Dragon Slayer, she hadn't reacted like this. 
“….Come to think of it, her expression did look bad back then too.”
No, she definitely had a bad expression. Amelia had asked if she was feeling unwell, but Erwin hastily excused herself, saying it was nothing. 
“I guess I need to find out.”
I couldn’t just watch as a teammate’s mental state crumbled. I asked Joon for a moment, then quickly left to calm Erwin down. After listening to her story, I asked.
“I’m so… sorry. It’s just, I’m so… panicky.”
“It’s not about an apology. I’m worried about you. What happened between you and the Dragon Slayer, that bastard?”
“It’s…. Well….”
Erwin seemed to hesitate for a while before speaking. 
“It happened when I was ten.”
“Ten years old, huh…….”
That would be about thirteen years ago, around a year after the war between the Barbarians and the fairies ended. It made me think of a certain incident.
“Could it be related to that… the Bloodbath back then?”
The terror that had taken place in the Fairy Sanctuary. The Dragon Slayer, Regal Bagos, had been the perpetrator. I had heard that over a thousand fairies had died that day.
And if my assumption was correct…..
“…Yes, my parents died that day. In front of me… protecting my sisters and me.”
“I see.”
Erwin had lost her parents that day. Even though her uncle had adopted her and her sisters, showering them with love, the emptiness remained. Yet, Erwin had endured. Her eldest sister, Daria, had tried to fill the void. But……
“That girl has a lot of fate to her, second only to you.”
Fate had cruelly snatched Daria away too.  Though not the Dragon Slayer himself, the perpetrator, coincidentally, had been one of the members of Orculis, a Destructionist.
“Damn it.”
“I’m, I’m sorry. I was terrified when I heard his voice. He’s the enemy… but if I don’t fight, I’ll lose more precious things… I’m afraid… afraid they’ll take it away from me again.”
I understood why Erwin was panicking.
“You’re so pathetic… I’m stronger now… I promised I’d take revenge if I ever met him again. But look at me now…”
That’s how trauma works. Emotions over reason. Or rather, the memories of that day surge forward, overwhelming her with fear.
“Pathetic? Never. I’m the pathetic one.”
“What? But… you’re the coolest!”
Well… everyone has their own standards.  Though I had spent a lot of time with Erwin, I had no idea about her past. Or rather, I never even tried to find out.
“Actually, I know… I know I have problems….” 
When I first noticed Erwin’s signs of anxiety, I didn't think beyond the influence of her stats.
“You were in pain. I know. I know what it feels like to lose something.”
When I returned to the city after losing Dwarki.  If I had considered the meaning of that comforting statement, I could have figured out what the real problem was. But…….
“You…..”
But I wouldn’t let myself wallow in self-pity. If there was a problem, I would solve it. 
“Erwin.”
When I called her name, Erwin looked up at me with tearful eyes and grabbed my hand. It was as if she was waiting for me to say something.  
Yes, you were waiting for me to say these words.
“Don’t worry.  The Destructionist, the Corpse Collector, that damn lizard…”
“……?”
I whispered softly, as if making a vow.
“I’ll kill them all eventually.”
“………Huh?”
…What? This isn't the reaction I was expecting.
“What, do you not trust me?”
When I narrowed my eyes, Erwin flinched.
“N, No! I, I trust you!”
It was a slightly subdued answer, but I wasn’t too worried.
“….”
“….”
Erwin's eyes, which had been filled with anxiety, had now sunk into a cold stillness.  It seemed she had calmed down.
***
After sending Erwin back to the team, I collected my thoughts.
“It’s really weird.” 
Regal Bagos, the Dragon Slayer. This bastard had a history with four of our team members. The Dragonkin, Ravien, and I, go without saying. And, as we just learned, Erwin.
And….
“Amelia’s situation was similar too.”
Of course, Amelia’s case is a bit different from ours. She’s more like she was targeted by the Dragon Slayer. She found him after falling through a dimensional gate, stole his gear, and then fed him memory-erasing medicine?
“If he recovered his memories, he’d be burning with rage right now, unable to kill me.”
There was one detail that surprised me at the time: the timing.  
It was right when the first vine broke.
“So, is that why Amelia has been helping me all this time?”
It’s just a bizarre and twisted web of fate.  I chuckled and headed towards Joon.
“Aaargh!”
The sound of a scream pierced through the sound-dampening magic of the tent.
“You said… you’d, kill me! Aaargh!”
“That was because I believed, no, because I was fooled, that you had confessed to all your sins and found purity of heart.”
“I, I didn’t lie about, anything!”
“Then why didn’t you mention the Dragon Slayer? I hear that he's waiting at the base.”
“That, that’s because……”
“The evil in your eyes still lingers—”
“I, I didn’t know! I didn’t know! Those guys don't tell me when, where, or what they’re doing!  Aaargh! Kill me!  Kill me!”
The man, tied up, began to thrash about.  He suddenly clamped his mouth shut.  Joon approached him, grabbed his cheek, and forced his jaw open.  Blood began to flow.
He had bitten his tongue to commit suicide.
“Oh… It seems he’s not ready to find the light just yet.”
Joon sighed and used his divine power to heal the man’s wound in an instant.
“…..No, no, no, no, no!”
“Don’t worry. I’ll be there to help you find your way to the light, to purify your heart.”
“Demon!  You demon! Demon!”
“…..Oh dear.”
Joon, despite the insults, did not erase the kind smile from his face. He calmly picked up a dagger. Then….
“Ah! You’re here.”
He saw me, quickly shoved a gag into the man’s mouth.
“Ugh… Ugh!”
“….Did you find anything out?”
“Unfortunately, not much. Besides the fact that the waiting forces at the base are bigger than we expected.”
“…..Bigger? How much bigger?”
“He claims it’s about double.”
“What? Double?”
Wait, this is serious.
I quickly continued.
“Why didn’t we hear this from the others? Are they lying to us?”
“No. No one would lie to this degree, not even those who would sacrifice their lives for their loyalty. It’s just… they truly believe it.”
Hmm, that makes sense.
“But, if that’s the case, he could be the only one mistaken?”
“Yes, that’s possible. But… this man said that it was just speculation after getting a message. The base usually sends out regular messages. Since the Dragon Slayer is there, it's likely that his troops are there too.”
“….”
“What should we do? I’ll continue to interrogate him, but if the enemy forces are twice as large, the chance of our mission failing increases significantly.”
“Even if we succeed, we’ll take more casualties.”
“…..Yes, that’s true.”
Hmm, what should I do? Do I push through with the original plan, regardless of the casualties?
I thought for a moment, then made my decision.
“Joon, stop the interrogation and gather the team leaders.”
“You want to call a meeting.”
“Yes.”
Two heads are better than one. Maybe we can come up with a better plan.
***
This was a meeting that happened countless times during our expeditions.  As soon as I shared the information we had gained from the interrogation, a cacophony of voices erupted.
“Double the troops? That’s an exaggeration. Even for the Dragon Slayer’s forces, we’re talking about a small to mid-sized clan.”
“The number itself seems to be about twenty more, but we can’t underestimate them. We are only twenty-nine members.”
“Yes. Unlike the low-level scrubs we met here, these guys are likely elite.”
“So… are you saying we give up on the mission?”
“No one said that. I’m just saying we should look for other options. I assume that’s why, Shuiz, you called all of us here.”
“….”
When my name, the expedition leader, was mentioned, Kaislan calmed down. Authority based on strength is respected in any situation, at any time.
“Anyway, this way, we’ll take more casualties, even if we succeed. Does anyone have a better plan?”
When I asked this, the opinions began to fly.
“How about ambushing them near their base and thinning out their numbers?”
“No.  If we do that, we’ll miss the deadline with the main force.”
“And by then, they’ll have figured out what’s happening, even if they’re dimwitted. Then we lose the advantage of surprise. They’ll start preparing, and we’ll be in a tougher situation.”
“Then, Cara, do you have a better plan?
“…How about infiltrating? We might be able to use the guy we’re interrogating.”
“But if we fail, we’re all dead. Our mission would also fail. Too risky. We might as well—”
Many different plans were proposed, including ambushes, infiltration, luring, and assassination, but none of them were universally appealing. But humans are known for their collective intelligence.
“It’s still best to lure them out and divide their forces.”
“Using the enemy’s message stone would be easy.”
In the end, we came up with a plan that everyone agreed on.  Of course, it quickly split into two options.
“I think we should take out the Dragon Slayer first. We can hit the base later.”
Should we take out the Dragon Slayer first?
“No, we should draw them out and then hit their base. That’s our mission.”
Or, should we prioritize our mission?
Both options had pros and cons. The former, if successful, could kill two birds with one stone. But….
“Akuraba, this is no time to be greedy for glory. Will they just stand there and get wiped out like the others they encountered? They’ll fight to the death, but they’ll make sure we know they’re here.”
“And there’s no guarantee the ambush will succeed. If they respond calmly, we’ll suffer casualties.”
“Yes, that’s what I was thinking! Even if we win, everyone will be exhausted.  How can we attack the base in that state?”
If we mess up, the mission will fail.  On the other hand, the latter guarantees at least one success: the completion of our mission.
“Okay, okay, calm down.  Shuiz will make the decision, in the end.”
Joon intervened to calm the rising voices, and everyone turned their gaze towards me.
“Oh, I’m in a tough spot.”
This was truly a difficult choice.  I knew in my head that the latter was the right choice. I knew that if not for the Dragon Slayer, I would have chosen the latter without a moment’s hesitation.
Tap, tap.
Unconsciously, I tapped my knee.  The team leaders swallowed nervously.
“Shuiz seems to have made his decision.”
“He always does that when he finishes thinking.”
Oh, I have a habit like that? I didn’t know that, but it wasn’t something to worry about now.  I spoke my decision out loud.
“We’ll focus on the mission.”
It was too early to try to take out the Dragon Slayer as well.
“Good thinking!  If we succeed in the mission, the royal family will reward us handsomely!”
“Rewards, huh……”
I let out a chuckle. But did my laughter seem out of place? Akuraba carefully asked me.
“Shuiz, can you tell us why? I figured you’d be more ambitious.”
She wasn’t wrong.  If it was just me, that’s what I would have done.  But…
“Your lives depend on my decision.”
“….”
“If we fight one less battle, that’s one more person who comes home alive.”
That’s why I chose not to be greedy. That’s all there is to it.
“Does that answer your question?”
“…..Yes, perfectly.”
I saw Akuraba nod, her eyes rather submissive.  I cast aside any remaining hesitation.
“Dragon Slayer, Regal Bagos.”
It doesn’t have to be today.  It would be a lie to say it wasn’t a bit disappointing, but…
“We will meet again, Dragonkin.”
That promise from that day will be fulfilled. 