## Dilemma (6)
Luring the Dragon Slayer and his underlings out was a breeze.  After all, they say, "The most dangerous enemy is the one within."  Noark’s explorer, Gwangmyeong, who had recently found enlightenment under Jun’s influence, provided false information, and the Dragon Slayer fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
"Are there around thirty explorers from the Royal Family?"
"Yes!  They seem to have come over the Ice Rock!"
"You said you were tailing them from behind, right?  Stay where you are for now.  I’ll be there soon."
"Yes!"
Haha, falling for it again, you fool.  As I felt in the Larkaz Labyrinth, he’s quite naive in some ways.  If he hadn’t abandoned his “Tempered Wish” and given me the time back then, I wouldn’t have been driven to that point, losing my sword.
"Let’s go."
After successfully drawing out the Dragon Slayer, we headed south towards the Dragon’s Depths.  There was no need to worry about running into them, as our paths wouldn't overlap.  We had Gwangmyeong.
"Current location?"
"West of the Dragon’s Depths."
"He’s continuing westward.  Heading to Iron Falls?"
"Based on his current movement, it seems so!"
"Alright.  We'll head that way too.  If his movement changes, contact me immediately."
"Yes!"
If this continues, we’ll arrive at his lair just as he reaches the Iron Falls in the west.  Even if he receives a message and rushes back, we'll be long gone by the time he returns.
"Noark group ahead."
"Halt.  Hide and wait until they pass."
We minimized combat and marched relentlessly for two days, eventually reaching a vast wasteland.  Of course, the limited visibility due to the narrow field of view was a slight inconvenience.  But that wasn't the crucial part.
"Finally, the Gray Plains."
The Gray Plains.  The intermediate region between the Dragon’s Spine, the heart of the continent, and the Dragon’s Depths, the northernmost region...  and the very place where Noark’s starting point lies, with a direct entrance to the 7th floor.
"It’s more tranquil than expected.  I thought there would be more people around, considering this is a base camp."
"It means our main force is effectively diverting their attention."
This expedition was a pincer attack of sorts.  While the Royal Family forces, who entered the Dark Continent through the standard route, clashed with Noark’s main force along the border of the Dragon’s Spine, we would strike from behind.
"From here on, we move as stealthily as possible, even if it means slowing down."
"I’ll instruct the scouts to maintain a wider distance from the main force.  So we can detect the enemy presence further away."
"Good.  Leave the detailed troop management to you."
We moved with extra caution after entering the Gray Plains, but battles still erupted constantly.  After all, labyrinths are inherently teeming with monsters.  It was impossible to avoid them altogether, even if we could avoid encountering humans.
“You have defeated the Void Ant. EXP +4.”
“You have defeated the Dark Crystal. EXP +6.”
“You have defeated the Myinum. EXP +5.”
“You have defeated the Helgoul. EXP +4.”
“You have defeated the Zambeth. EXP +4.”
“......”
Various monsters crawled out from the fissures that spread across the land like cracked rice paddies in a drought.  Among them were also 3rd-grade monsters.
"It’s a Vol-Herchan!"
The very same monster that’s part of my Shield Barbarian’s final build.  Of course, the battle wasn’t particularly challenging.
"What are you all doing?  Never seen one before?  Spread out!"
"Warriors, just block! The mages will finish them off!"
Back on the Ice Rock, we were taking down three 3rd-grade monsters at a time.  This was just a single one.  And we’re quite well-fed right now.
Woong-!
This creature, known for its superior defense, held on for quite a while.  But eventually, it crumbled to the ground, turning into light and vanishing.
“You have defeated the Vol-Herchan. EXP +7.”
The essence didn’t appear, but I wasn’t disappointed.  I’ve already obtained this essence.
‘It’s a bit ironic.’
I didn’t expect to acquire this essence before I actually killed it for the first time.  Unlike the game, where everything progressed smoothly, the order of essence looting in reality is unpredictable.
‘Is this how the snowball effect of getting the Ogre essence early on works?’
This thought crossed my mind, but if I think about it, the starting point of this abnormal growth was the Corpse Golem.  If I hadn’t obtained its essence, I wouldn’t have been able to kill the Vampire Duke, Cambormier.
"Schwietz, the scouts have found their base."
After entering the Gray Plains, we travelled for another day before finally reaching the target area.  A massive, towering structure stood, guarded by about a hundred explorers.  There was no doubt we’d found the right place.  But there was one thing that puzzled me.
“...They’re far fewer than I expected."
"It seems Regal Bagos took more forces than anticipated, assuming that we would be the ones being hunted."
"Really?  That’s fortunate.  But we can’t be sure, so we need to gather information first."
"Then I’ll send out the scouts again."
"What about the rest of the troops?"
"Tell them to regain their strength as much as possible.  We’ll be going into battle soon."
"What about the Demonic Proclamation?"
"Tell them not to use it.  They might spot us.  We can’t risk losing everything for the sake of something small.  If they encounter monsters, just take them down quietly.”
"I’ll pass it on."
After sending out the scouts, who were all min-캐s with stealth skills, to explore the surroundings, the rest of the troops hid under the cliff, recovering their strength.  And the same went for me.
"You look exhausted."
As I leaned back and rested, Amelia came over and handed me a piece of jerky.  She wasn’t giving me jerky on the Ice Rock.  Seems like there’s a surplus here.
Crick, crick.
I took the jerky and chewed it, but Amelia said something ominous.
"Schwietz, things are going too smoothly."
"Damn it…."
She finally said it.  I kept it to myself until now, but words have power.  I’ve been thinking about it, but haven’t actually said it out loud.
“...?”
"Don't worry about it.  It’s not that things are going smoothly, but that I’ve already endured all the hardships I need to."
"Endured all the hardships?"
"We went through all sorts of hell getting over the Ice Rock.  We even had a traitor hiding among us."
"Well… that’s true.  Sorry.  Don’t mind what I said.”
Even though I said that, it was already eating at me.  But I didn’t let it show.  I just kept thinking to myself.
‘A hundred….’
With this many troops, we could easily succeed with this mission.  The scouts only got a glimpse from a distance, but it seems there aren’t many namesakes.
‘That’s because they didn’t anticipate someone coming from behind.’
Noark’s main force is completely occupied with preventing the Royal Family forces from crossing the mountain.  Of course, they’ve stationed forces, led by the Dragon Slayer, Regal Bagos, at their core base.  But…
‘He’s out leading his troops right now.’
It’s a perfect opportunity to take advantage of an empty house.
‘And Hans is nowhere around.’
The only variable is whatever the scouts might find.
"Schwietz, the scouts have arrived."
"What do they say?"
"They say there’s nobody within 5km."
After checking, there were no other variables around either.  Damn, things are going so smoothly.  I’m starting to worry if they’ve set a trap.  I tried to shake off the ominous feeling.
"Tell those who were out there to get some rest.  They’ve worked hard.  Though it won’t last long.”
“...Are you about to carry out the operation?”
"Yes.  Start prepping everyone."
It's time to end this long expedition.
***
We stood silently on the dark wilderness.  Although the labyrinth’s darkness obscured our vision, we could still see it…
...the Noark base, beyond the darkness.
"......"
We waited for our moment.  Together with our troops, ready to charge at any time.
Woong, Woong, Woong, Woong-!
Soon, a chaotic sound echoed through the darkness.  Any experienced explorer would immediately recognize it as the footsteps of a large monster.
"M, monsters!"
"Everyone, out!"
The quiet darkness beyond was suddenly filled with commotion.  I couldn’t see their faces, but I could vividly imagine them.
"Damn it, what are we facing here!"
Panic.
"Ugh, what rotten luck.  What are you all doing?  Get your weapons out!"
Frustration.
"Why are the monsters swarming here?"
And confusion.
Of course, there were those who figured it out.
"Snap out of it!  It’s the enemy! Someone’s bringing the monsters with them!"
Noark-born explorers, always keen on studying various looting tactics.  Quick thinking.
Of course, the monsters swarming from all directions weren’t a coincidence.  After confirming there was nobody within a 5km radius, I sent out the scouts to gather every single monster in the vicinity.  We’ve got their attention, so the scouts must be on their way back, stealth active.
"What?"
"The enemy…?"
"Damn it, is this the attack Regal Bagos warned about?"
"Support!  Request support!"
Don’t even think about calling for reinforcements.  By the time they arrive, it’ll all be over.
"Kaisslan."
I spoke briefly, and Kaisslan, beside me, raised the flag emblazoned with the Royal Family’s emblem.
"Fire!!"
As one, the mages, archers, and psionics who had already finished casting unleashed their ultimate attacks.
Kwaaang-!!
Attacks unleashed in the midst of a monster swarm.  One part of the enemy formation was completely obliterated, leaving a gaping hole.  The cunning monsters didn’t miss their chance.
"Damn it, where are they?  Where!"
"Aaaaah!"
The monsters broke through the fractured ranks and charged inwards.
"Block that area first!"
They tried to hastily reorganize, but we wouldn’t let them.
"Kaisslan, again."
We kept firing our most powerful ranged attacks whenever the casting was finished.  The enemy was now aware of our location.  But…
"They’re over there!"
"They’re right there!"
What are you going to do about it?  They’re too busy fighting the monsters.
Kwaaang-!
Kwang!
Whiiiiing-!
We continued our ranged bombardment for a while.
Ziiiing-!
The message stone I carried in my pocket vibrated.  I knew who was on the other end.  This was the only person I’d been constantly contacting since arriving here.
Click.
I didn’t need to think much, as I had nothing else to do but watch.
"You!  Where are you right now?"
The moment the connection was established, a roar echoed through the stone.
Ah, right.  Our last contact was to inform them that we had to reach the edge of the continent.
"I’m at the place you mentioned.  But nobody’s here.  There’s also a report that there’s a battle at the Sky Eye."
The Sky Eye.  That’s the name given to the magical wave emitter that acts as a communication tower.
‘Damn, the news has already reached that far.’
I understand why the Royal Family is desperate to destroy the Sky Eye.  They’ve suffered numerous losses due to its wide-reaching communication network.
"Are you ignoring me now?  Answer me!  Where are you right now?"
I didn’t need to lie anymore.  I told him the truth.
"Me?  Your front yard."
A little taunting is part of the strategy.  I waited for a reaction, expecting a funny response.  But surprisingly, he was silent for a while.  I thought the connection had been cut off.  But when he finally spoke, it wasn’t very funny.
“...Who are you."
Did he bite a sea octopus or something?  So dramatic.
"What difference does it make if you know?"
“...This was your scheme all along.”
"Well, duh.  Alright, alright.  I’m busy now.  Talk later.  Since you’re there anyway, enjoy the ocean view.”
“...I don’t know who you are, but you’ll pay.  Death won’t even save you."
His voice dripped with murderous intent, but I just ignored him.  Death won’t even save me?  That line’s from like, a decade ago.
"Yeah, good luck with that."
"What?  You think this is a joke?  I’ll show you wh—."
It was time to move on to the next chapter.  I cut off the connection.  At the same time, I received a report from Akuraba.
"Schwietz, we’ve almost finished off the monsters!"
They’ve been fighting desperately and have finally taken down most of the monsters.  So…
"Charge formation!"
"Front line forward…!"
We charged into the battlefield before the enemy could regroup.
"Chaaaaarge!"
Our battle formation was led by veteran warriors.  The Noark scoundrels formed a wall of warriors to block us.  The standard shield wall in a many-to-many battle.
"Block!"
"Kill!"
The warriors clashed, initiating the real power struggle.  And…
"Waaaahhh!!!"
We were the victors, naturally.  Our warriors were far superior in terms of overall skill.  And…
“Niaro Cambell has cast [Wave of Healing].”
“Benjamin Orman has cast [Regeneration Moonlight]…. ”
“......”
They don’t have a priest.  They can’t handle our warriors charging headfirst and taking risks.
"We broke through!"
Our warriors fought with a hundred men’s force, breaking through the front line.  We quickly infiltrated the gap.  Not completely empty, but the center was clear.
"Shield wall!"
We shifted our formation into a circular defense.  And…
"We advance while maintaining our current formation!"
The tide had turned.  We charged towards the center, fending off the enemies who were now swarming from all directions.  Our goal wasn’t annihilation, just to strike.
"T, they’re heading towards the Sky Eye!"
"Block them!"
They finally realized our objective.  They charged with even more ferocity.  But they couldn’t break through our unified force, forged on the Ice Rock.  After all, we had plenty of priests.
"Halt!"
We kept pushing towards the Sky Eye, engaging the enemy.  We finally arrived before it.  We stood with our backs to it, holding on for dear life.  We had to take care of things first before destroying it…
"Schwietz!  Come here quick!"
Akuraba was calling out to me.
"Hurry!  We have a problem!"
What?  A problem?
"Gregson, I’ll be right back.  You’re in charge here."
"Of course.  Go ahead."
I quickly left my spot and headed back to Akuraba.  She was standing awkwardly before the Sky Eye, which we had surrounded.
"What’s going on?"
"I’ve tried inputting the communication coordinates several times, but I just can’t connect to the main force!"
Damn, this is bad.