## Chapter 412: Unrequited Fate (2)
Enemies swarmed from all directions, met by the valiant expedition force, their defensive formation holding strong.
“Kill them…!”
“Hold them back!”
It felt like a defense game, although the reality was far more brutal than any game could ever be.
In a typical defense game, the enemies, often equipped only with melee skills, would charge in waves. But here, it was different.
*Whuuuuuush-*
A shower of arrows rained down.
“Revive Essender!”
Dark magic.
*Kaboom!*
Then, a barrage of skills, each fueled by the essence of lightning, frost, and fire, bombarded the front lines.
Usually, such long-range assaults would be handled by the mages. But our mages were focusing every remaining ounce of their mana on completing the mass-teleport spell.
There was only one option.
To prevent this long-range attack from reaching the fragile support classes behind us, we had to endure.
*“Character hit by [Piercing Chill].”*
*“Next frost damage received will be doubled, and frost resistance will temporarily decrease depending on the damage received.”*
*“Electric damage exceeding resistance levels.”*
*“Character enters ‘Paralysis (Medium)’ state.”*
*“Character hit by [Penetrating Light]...”*
*“... ”*
The strain on our bodies grew exponentially.
Yet, we stood, forming a wall with our augmented bodies, using them as shields.
*Click*
Gritting our teeth, as if to crush them to pulp, we absorbed the onslaught.
Not just me, every single frontline warrior was doing the same.
*“Benjamin Ormond casts [Moon of Purification].”*
*“Character’s all status ailments are removed.”*
*“Niaro Cambel casts [Blessing of Light].”*
*“All healing effects on the character are enhanced... ”*
*“...”*
The priests’ support was constant, but not enough. They had merely earned the right to use divine power through their faith.
Resurrecting the dead was beyond their realm. It was the domain of the divine.
“...Might!”
There was no room for screams in our death.
“Ev, everybody fall back!”
The warrior Might Million, standing to my left, in the second team.
*Puk-*
A sharp, obsidian spear, hurled in a straight line, pierced his shield and entered his chest… or rather, his torso.
“No…!!!”
There was no need for a countdown; it was a perfect death.
As if to prove it, the sacred light that had shrouded his body quickly dispersed, fading into the surroundings.
A truly damn good reason.
*Swoosh*
The dead were not subject to skills.
“Mi, Might…!”
The archer, a member of the same team as the fallen warrior, rushed forward, trying to pull the spear out of his corpse.
A foolish, reckless act.
It wouldn’t remove the spear, and even if it did, it wouldn’t bring him back.
*‘…Were they friends?’*
Well, that wasn’t the point.
“Emily, I’ll be back in a minute.”
“…What?”
I unilaterally announced my departure and slightly shifted to the side, grabbing the archer by the back of the neck.
Then…
“Stop your nonsense and get back.”
I hurled the archer toward the rear, where Akuraba stood.
*Thump-*
I heard the sound of the archer collapsing along with a furious shout from behind.
“…Wh, what are you doing! Mi, Might……!”
“Might is dead. He died to save you.”
“……!!”
Might Million.
He clearly saw the spear flying towards him.
He could have dodged.
No, given his physical abilities, he could have easily dodged.
But he chose to block.
*“Ev, everybody fall back!”*
Protecting his comrades.
That was his role.
Of course, he wouldn’t have known this would happen.
He might have thought he could hold out, at least once.
After all, in such a chaotic battlefield, it would be hard to recognize a spear enhanced by a skill ranked high among the second-grade essence, merely from a single glance.
*‘…Perhaps he knew, and chose to block anyway.’*
Even so, the truth is unknowable.
Perhaps it will always remain a mystery.
“So stay back. I’ll take care of this from now on.”
“…….”
“Emily! Join the second team!”
With the second team’s only warrior dead, I was filling the void.
Essentially, I was taking over the space of two teams.
Rather than annoyance, I felt a sense of relief.
*‘Good thing I’m big.’*
For a moment, I considered using [Transcendence] to further increase my size, but I decided against it.
I couldn’t just keep getting beaten up forever, could I?
*“Character casts [Risky Venture].”*
*“Damage received and [Random Retaliation] damage reflection increased by two times.”*
I took a few hits to test it out and realized I could handle it even with double the damage.
*“Transcendent power unlocks the ability inherent to this skill.”*
*“The [Random Retaliation] damage immunity effect is removed, but the activation rate is fixed at 100%.”*
As soon as [Transcendence] activated, a rattling sound echoed as skeletons rose behind me.
And then…
*“Grwaaaaatch!”*
The skeletons retaliated, redirecting the various skills I had absorbed.
“Wh, what the hell!”
“Gachapon! That’s Gachapon’s essence!”
“What? But that skill isn’t supposed to explode like that…”*
Chaos erupted as the offensive skills directed at me were reflected back at our allies.
*‘Should I have turned this on sooner?’*
After all, the best defense is a good offense?
I had activated [Risky Venture] bracing myself for even more painful blows, but the onslaught had actually decreased.
This made it easier to fill the gap on my own.
Okay, now all that’s left is to finish the teleport...
“……Get out of my way, you trash!”
Then, a man emerged from the throng of enemies, leading a group that had previously been hesitant to approach.
His sickening appearance made my stomach churn.
“Rigal Bagos!”
“The Dragonslayer…!”
He had arrived.
***
*Kaboom-*
An explosion erupted.
My comrades’ frantic cries echoed.
Screams and spattering blood.
The battlefield, filled with chaos, fell silent.
At least, that’s how it felt to me.
It probably felt the same way to him too.
“...”
“...”
We stood facing each other, a distance between us, silent and locked in a stare.
*‘Is he recognizing me?’*
As that thought crossed my mind, he opened his mouth.
“I told you then.”
“...”
“That not even death could save you.”
Yes, he recognized me.
Somehow, he had managed to regain his memories.
Perhaps his recognition was due to the Gachapon Essence, as he didn’t seem bothered by my smaller stature.
Alright, let’s exchange some pleasantries, since we haven’t seen each other in so long.
“That looks like a fancy sword.”
I looked down at the sword hanging at his waist.
“Came to give it to me again?”
His response was immediate.
“You…!”
His fingertips trembled.
But what can I do?
He’s going to have more to be angry about.
“How long until the spell is complete?”
“······One minute!”
The answer, clearly audible thanks to deactivated voice control.
“One minute? Well then, what—”
“One minute is enough.”
At that moment, he charged at me.
*“Rigal Bagos casts [Advanced Acceleration].”*
*“Rigal Bagos casts [Afterimage].”*
His skill combination, temporarily boosting his agility.
However, this time was different.
Back then, we met in Larkaz’s Labyrinth.
*‘He’s gotten much faster.’*
That was his true output, his base stats, I suppose.
But it wasn’t a problem.
*Kwaang-*
I wasn’t the same as I was before, either.
“……!”
The Dragonslayer’s eyes narrowed as our swords and shields clashed.
It’s obvious what he’s thinking.
“You think you’ll riddle me with holes like before? This isn’t the Labyrinth.”
He didn’t reply, but swung his sword once more.
*“Rigal Bagos casts [Holy Blade].”*
A white light danced across the surface of the sword.
But this time, it was the same.
*Kuung-*
I could now effortlessly handle aura attacks, so what was the difference?
“How come, you’re still the same?”
This was truly fortunate.
If he had gotten stronger in the last two years, I might have had to engage in some reconnaissance.
“This…!”
I blocked his sword for a while, then shoved him aside, like swatting a fly with a shield.
Now, my strength stat was higher than his.
Significantly higher.
“…Ugh!”
He was clearly surprised by my unexpected resistance, stumbling backward.
Then, someone shouted from behind.
“Ten seconds left!”
The spell was about to be complete.
“I’ve seen what I needed to see, so get lost.”
“...”
“You’re weaker than me now.”
He seemed stunned, as if struck by lightning, and didn’t answer.
Was he frozen in shock? No, that didn’t seem right either.
Just in case, I brought down my hammer, but he dodged it swiftly.
*Kwaang-*
I licked my lips, watching my hammer embed itself in the ground.
If it wasn’t for the increasing number of enemies, I could have ended this unrequited fate right here.
“Schweitz! Get over here!”
Amelia’s voice rang out from behind, followed by a magic circle erupting from the ground.
The teleport spell had finally been completed.
The warriors on the front lines, including myself, quickly moved towards the center of the circle.
“Do you think you can just send me away…!”
What’s he saying? What would you do if I didn’t send you away?
I’m the one who’s disappointed.
“Ne-ee-e-ee-oom!”
“Lord Bagos! You might get caught in the mass-teleport spell if you’re there!”
He charged at me, enraged, but halted at his subordinate’s warning.
Damn, if he’d just come a little closer, I could’ve sent him through the teleport and beat the crap out of him.
*Swoosh-*
The magic circle blazed even brighter, as I arrived.
“See you again. Don’t lose your head until then.”
A myriad of colors flashed.
***
*Flash-*
The light filling my vision faded, and my sight returned.
The first thing I saw were the lifeless, towering trees.
It was almost the same environment as where we had been just moments ago.
Of course.
You can’t just skip an entire field with one mass-teleport.
“…No one’s here.”
The western part of Deadwood, one of the central fields in the Dark Continent.
However, there were no signs of life in the vicinity.
The enemy troops in this area probably all moved towards us, determined to capture us.
“The priests, tend to the injured. Once the treatment is finished, we’ll depart.”
We had crossed a hurdle, but there was no time to rest.  We would march immediately, taking only a short break to regroup.
Not south, where our allies were, but north.
With my tired body, I forced myself to confirm what I didn’t want to hear.
“······Casualties?”
“Total fatalities: three.”
Yes, there were two more besides the guy next to me.
In that short time.
“The casualties? Who were they?”
Caislan’s voice was grim as he reported the precise losses.
“Might Million, Fiona Aimes, and Niaro Cambel.”
One warrior from the second team.
One priestess from the fourth team.
And one mage from the third team.
“A mage died……?”
“Apparently, they were caught in a blind attack after the Dragonslayer and his subordinates joined the fight. The magic circle was almost complete, so the magic was unaffected.”
Damn it, that useless Dragonslayer bastard.
*Click*
The expedition force, which started with thirty members, had been reduced to twenty-five.
The third team had suffered the most.
Following the traitor Pike Neldaine, the mage’s death in this battle reduced their numbers to four.
“The second team is also in a precarious position. Million was their only warrior.”
Akuraba’s team, focused on firepower, was also unstable.
They could use three trolls as frontline fighters, thanks to their summoner, but the summoner herself was more of a damage dealer.
“We need to change the formation.”
“It’s unavoidable. No one will want to be stubborn at this point.”
We had been traveling with each team keeping a distance.
This was considered more efficient, except in situations like a celestial eye attack or what just happened.
But now, that wasn’t an option.
We were no longer a coalition of several teams.
We needed to become a single expedition force, in the truest sense.
“If you’re willing, I’ll try rearranging the formation based on role, first…”
“I’m fine with it. My team will understand too. I’ll leave the formation to you. Discuss it with the other team leaders and decide.”
“Understood. I’ll get started then.”
Caislan’s initial impression wasn’t great, but he was a valuable asset.
Soon after my orders, he reorganized each team into a single unit.
He gathered the classes with lower physical abilities in the center, surrounded by archers, swordsmen, rogues, and other support classes.
Their role in combat was to protect.
During travel, they would carry those who were weak or slow.
“Ugh, I’m already dying from exhaustion…”
“I, I’m sorry.”
“It can’t be helped. At least heal me properly if I get hurt.”
Surprisingly, those designated as transportation vehicles didn’t seem to mind their new role.
They knew.
That they had to work together to survive.
“Sir… Please be careful. If you need help, shout loud.”
“You too, kid. Don’t do anything reckless.”
In any case, our team inevitably had to split up.
After all, I was a warrior, a guardian class.
I had to be on the front line.
“You’re all getting along well.”
As we resumed our journey, having reorganized our formation, Lavien, who was now behind me, spoke.
Ah, right, I need to talk to her too.
“Thanks.”
“…What?”
“For staying by my side when the Dragonslayer appeared.”
Lavien is strong.
Depending on the situation, she is superior to Amelia and Erwen, even saying that she is a step above them is not an exaggeration.
If she had made any rash decisions then, it’s highly likely that our team would have suffered casualties, perhaps even a fatality.
“…I’m not stupid enough to fail to differentiate between work and personal life.”
“That’s good then.”
“…….”
There wasn’t anything else to talk about, so the conversation ended there.
How long did we continue to walk?
“Let’s take a short break!”
We stopped for a break at a suitable time, before we reached our limit.
“Ugh! Finally!”
The moment we halted, all the members collapsed onto the ground, exhausted. But one man stood apart.
“Um… ”
The man approached me cautiously, his eyes heavy with dark circles.
“Sven Parave.”
Otherwise known as the Goblin Mask.
He’s an interesting fellow.
He doesn’t seem to be that strong in combat, but he rarely gets hurt.
“What’s up? Not taking a break?”
He responded with a slightly anxious voice.
“Th, that is, um…”
“If you have something to say, say it. I need to rest too.”
My voice, unknowingly laced with annoyance, made him close his eyes and speak.
“Th, that is… um… Can we not stop and continue moving?”
“Not stop?”
I thought he was crazy, but I decided it wasn’t just a random remark.
“Is there a reason why?”
“No, not really… Um… I feel uneasy, somehow. Ever since we said we were taking a break, I’ve been having trouble breathing. It f, feels like someone is poking my heart with a needle.”
…What the hell is wrong with this guy?
He’s making me feel uneasy for no reason.
]]]