##  Chapter 420: Eye of the Blizzard (6)
The Dragon Mountains. The armies of Noark and the royal forces were locked in a fierce standoff, a long line of soldiers facing each other.
"Traitor! Reports have come in that the traitor, who vanished for a while, has reappeared on the western front!"
Eltora Tercelion, the commander of the third legion, furrowed his brow at the report from his subordinate.
"Traitor, you say… I see. You may leave now."
"Yes!"
The subordinate assumed his superior's displeasure stemmed from the traitor's reappearance, but Eltora harbored a different concern.
‘The traitor has resurfaced…'
Eltora wasn't a fool. Several days ago, he noticed a movement of Noark's western front soldiers heading north. It was highly likely that they were pursuing the expedition team who had attempted to escape on their own.
‘…So, they've finished the pursuit?'
Eltora unconsciously clenched his fist.
‘Father… No, the Marquis, what is he thinking?'
Just before leading his army into the labyrinth, Eltora received two secret orders from his father. The first was to ignore the expedition team's request for rescue. The second…
‘If they manage to survive on their own, eliminate them silently.'
He was grateful, or perhaps relieved, that he wouldn't have to carry out the second order. The expedition team had chosen a path opposite his own.
‘Did they really all die…?’
It was a truly paradoxical feeling. He had played a part in abandoning them.  If they somehow survived, it would be a problem for him. But…
Thump!
Something felt unbelievable. Did they truly perish?  Bjorn Yandel, who survived even the Crystal Caverns, like this?
"..."
Eltora closed his eyes and fell into contemplation. He pondered what he would have done if he were the leader of the expedition team.
‘They didn't flee south towards their allies, but north, aiming to catch the enemy off guard.'
It wasn't a bad strategy, especially considering they evaded two lions.
‘Did he know…?’
Well, he wasn't sure. But even if he did, the outcome wouldn't have changed. Heading north didn't seem like a viable escape route. The enemy's territory, where reinforcements were impossible.  A tightening siege, exhausted members.  What would he have decided?
No, not me, but Bjorn Yandel…  that man with his incredible decisiveness, even to the point of being reckless… what would he have done?
‘…Icerock.'
His thoughts suddenly connected. If they were to persist in escaping, there was only one option left. 
But…
‘Even if they went there, they couldn't have survived.'
No matter what he imagined, the choices that led to a hopeful future didn't materialize in his mind. He wasn't dismissing Bjorn Yandel's capabilities. Icerock? The Eye of the Blizzard? He would undoubtedly overcome any adversity.  Considering his performance in the Crystal Caverns, it didn't make sense for him to crumble in a mere predicament.
However, he had met the wrong opponent.
‘The Marquis couldn't have been unaware of this.'
Heading to Icerock. A daring move, undeniable. But it was a choice even he, Eltora, could have considered. Did his father not anticipate any of this? That man, who wanted to prepare for every possible scenario to the point of excess?
‘Bjorn Yandel won't…  return alive.'
Eltora Tercelion reached that conclusion.
Thump!
He suppressed the inexplicable throbbing of his heart.
***
Our current formation is simple.  A narrow path, barely wide enough for four to stand side-by-side.
"Schuitz, are you sure about this?"
"I told you. With you all here, it'll be too cramped to move around."
I'm the only one in the first line, the one who needs to block the enemy. It's the answer I arrived at. How to save as many people as possible and return.
"Don't overdo it, Schuitz. We're behind you."
"Yes, it's reassuring. I trust—"
"Bjorn Yandel…!!"
The Dragonslayer's shout, filled with murderous intent, reverberates around us.
"So you escaped, only to end up here!?"
His smug voice suggests he's completely oblivious to their current situation. Sadly, not everyone's as clueless as him.
"Regal Bagos, calm down."
An explorer steps forward, halting the Dragonslayer who was about to charge.
Clack.
Someone behind me clenches their jaw. My own feelings aren't much different.
"That bastard… He killed Naria."
Milburn Naria, the Troll Summoner. Whether she was truly a Malignant Spirit or not, she wanted nothing more than for us to return alive, even in the face of death.  The one who ended her life was that bastard.
"Bjorn Yandel, is it?"
The one who had restrained the Dragonslayer steps forward and addresses me.
‘Is this guy the real leader…?’
I think so, his actions seem so natural.  Usually, someone without authority would be hesitant to act like this in front of others. But the Dragonslayer isn't stopping him, so it seems like he's allowed to.
"Yes, I'm Bjorn Yandel."
After much deliberation, I decide to engage in conversation. I'm curious myself. 
"Who are you?"
He answers without hesitation.
"Manua Repelles."
The name destined to be written on my kill list.
"I'll be the one to kill that bastard…"
No, I should say it's a name to be written on all our kill lists. From the moment he spoke, a murderous glint appeared in the eyes of the team members standing behind us. However, no one acted rashly.
"Manua Repelles… Never heard of that name."
"Well, that's understandable. We're basically a secret weapon, for now."
My guess is confirmed.  I'd had a suspicion when I saw them equipped with top-grade essence from the 8th floor, but now I'm sure.  They seem to be one of the 8th floor assault teams.
"So, what's the point of all this?"
I've heard his name and gotten to the point of the matter, so I decide to ask him directly. He also seems to be the type to avoid beating around the bush, and immediately begins.
"I have a proposition for you."
"A proposition…?"
"As I said, we're basically a secret weapon. Even if we succeed in eliminating all of you, it would be a huge loss for us if one or two of us died in the process."
"Cut to the chase."
He spreads his hand.
"Five."
"…"
"We have to maintain some face, so give us just five of you. We'll be satisfied with that and leave this place. Oh, of course, Bjorn Yandel, it doesn't have to be you."
What the hell is he talking about?
Sometimes, when you hear something completely ridiculous, you don't even get angry. That's how I feel right now.
"Not a bad offer, is it? Just give us five, and you'll all return safe and sound."
"Well, it sounds more like an offer I should be making. If five of you hand over your heads, I'll let you go alive. Oh, of course, you and Regal Bagos have to be included."
"You won't regret this?"
What's this guy saying, he's completely delusional. Alcohol is alcohol no matter how bitter, and poison is poison even if it's sweet.
"Regret is for your mother to do. Your mother is the one who should regret giving birth to such a cowardly bastard who can only run his mouth in front of his enemies."
"…"
"Maybe your mom didn't know, that the son she brought into the world would be such a coward, only able to use his tongue against enemies."
"…"
"Maybe you wet your pants because you're scared of us? Your smell is so putrid right now, I can't even tell if it's you or something else."
"…"
"Why are you quiet? Ah, maybe you don't have a mother—."
"You…!"
"Oh, seems like you really don't.  You're getting so excited. Don't get too worked up, I understand. You grew up as a coward because you didn't get proper education as a child."
"…"
"You lost all your hair because you were so stressed out as a child—."
"I'll kill you…!!"
Aw, why are you always interrupting me?
I'm a little annoyed, but my objective has been accomplished. 
That's the way it's always been. 
"Sure, you won't."
"…"
"Grrr!"
The one who gets excited first loses.
***
Repelles, the bald one, is about to lose it after my provocative and utterly rational remark. He jumps to his feet.
"Repelles! He's always been like that, don't get riled up!  If you fall for his tricks, only he'll benefit…"
Surprisingly, the Dragonslayer tries to hold him back.
But…
Pfft.
Is he really going to fall for that? His bald head is already red with anger.
Thud, thud, thud.
He charges at me, fists clenched. His class is a Boxer.  It's not a common class in the Labyrinth.  It's useful in the lower floors, but there aren't any decent core essence in the mid-level. Well, there are some good skills in the later levels, like this one.
「Manua Repelles has used [Iron Fist].」
[Iron Fist] is obtainable from the 8th floor rift. It's simple in effect:
Flash!
A dash of about 4 meters, almost like teleportation. And then…
KABOOM!
A forceful knockback, defying the laws of physics. And then…
「Deals fixed damage proportional to the user's strength and the target's physical resistance.」
The more resilient you are, the more damage you take.  This skill ruined everything in the last battle. My mana shield shattered in a few hits, I was pushed back, and the formation collapsed.  I chose to dodge rather than defend, so I couldn't hold the enemy in place properly, which was a key part of my role as a tank.
But this time is different.
"…"
The impact makes my insides churn. I can feel the pain directly because I don't have a mana shield, but... so what?
「Roita Mammende has used [Emergency Regeneration].」
The healing kicks in immediately after I'm hit.
「Benjamin Orman has used [Moonlight Sanctuary].」
A field that increases natural regeneration is spread between them and us. 
Swish.
I look down at his fist embedded in my abdomen and yell.
"Behel—RAAAAAAAA!!!"
The sudden shout makes him flinch, startled. 
I swing my hammer, and he backs off. He's trying to use [Iron Fist] again after regaining some distance. It's a great skill with no cooldown, but it requires a certain distance to use.
‘Of course, I'm not just going to let him do that.’
I instantly activate [Transcendence] and [Eye of the Storm] in tandem.  Back then, I couldn't have done this because of the collapsing front line and numerous enemies charging past me.
WHOOSH!
"!"
Facing the Repelles, who is being sucked in by my skill, I swing my hammer at the perfect moment. Sadly, it's not as fun as I'd hoped.  He's a tank, after all.
「Manua Repelles has used [Unbreakable].」
He blocks my hammer with his arms crossed above his head. The short exchange of blows ends, and the others join the attack.
「Ricky Eymond has used [Thunder's Mark].」
「Kael Elbad Geneger has used [Thorn of the End].」
Essence-powered attacks launched at me. Some of the skills bypass physical resistance and dig into my flesh, but I recover quickly thanks to the concentrated healing from the priests. 
「Ann Parvella has used [Lightning Sprint].」
The melee explorer dashes past me with incredible speed, and then…
「Ann Parvella has used [Rally].」
He teleports two of his comrades within a certain range to me.
「Puran Culin has used [Possession].」
「Marione Trider has used [Dance of Cataclysm].」
They're like a shock assault team.  It makes sense; they're in the middle of the enemy territory, but they're probably decided to fight here because the field effects are at least deactivated. 
‘They underestimated us, didn't they?’
They're thinking that they can defeat us with just three of them, despite our slightly higher individual skill.
"Don't worry about me!  I won't let them get through!"
I'm leaving the assault team to my comrades. I'm confident that they won't die on the healing field, even if they get stabbed in the back. They probably wouldn't have the chance to attack me, but anyway.
"Kill them! It's time to draw our blades of vengeance!"
"Do you think you'll just sit there and let them walk all over you like last time!"
"WAAAAAAAA!"
The chaotic battle begins.  The bald one and the others from beyond the border line charge at me, trying to break through. The three who have crossed the line fight back to back, swinging their weapons to break our front line.
WHOOSH!
The priests on the safe hilltop relentlessly unleash divine spells, dealing damage and healing simultaneously.
"Priests! Take out the priests!"
They too try to target the priests with various skills, but…
WHOOSH!
Their attacks are dispelled in mid-air before they can reach the hilltop where the priests and mages are gathered. It's all thanks to the magic circle I drew as soon as they crossed the line.  As long as I protect the priests, we won't lose.
"Barrier Magic…!"
Realizing that their projectiles are ineffective, they try to devise other tactics.
「Mike Roymers has used [Slime Walk].」
「Ria Andes has used [Flame Swim].」
They try to climb over the cliff using essence-powered skills.
「Erwen Fornachi di Tercia has used [Rapid Fire].」
Of course, they are immediately stopped by our ranged unit.
How much time has passed… 
"…"
The battle is going exactly as I predicted, much to our advantage. The three who aggressively crossed over are outnumbered and getting beaten to a pulp. I stand firm as a wall, preventing any more of them from getting through.
"Damn it…!"
"Why won't that monstrous bastard tire out!?"
"Kill him! Kill him somehow!!!"
Their attacks become even more desperate as the situation worsens. It's simple; they're all injured. They've decided that if they retreat now, there will be no next opportunity.
"Don't hold back!"
"It doesn't matter how much we get hurt, we just need to win this battle!"
Their attacks become fiercer as their injuries accumulate. The Dragonslayer is no different, facing me, his sword swinging, with the bald one by his side.
"Hey, just one question."
"…"
"I'm curious, just when is it coming? The moment when even death can't save me?"
"…"
He stabs at me repeatedly for a while, then steps back, glaring at me as if suddenly struck by a moment of clarity.
"That's right. You've always forced me to sacrifice myself."
He mutters, then summons his ultimate skill with determination in his eyes.
「Regal Bagos has used [Dragon's Word: Silence of the Soul].」
Oh, finally, he's using it.
「Character's soul energy is insufficient.」
「[Giant Growth] is ending.」
My body shrinks in an instant.  The hammer and shield, which felt light as a feather, become heavy as lead.
「Character has entered Soul Depletion state.」
「All stats are temporarily reduced by 70% 」
I remember this state from the Labyrinth of Larkaz.  Man, I miss it.  That time, I thought I was done for…
"Ugh, I'm gonna puke!  Ugh, I'm gonna puke!  Rrrrrrr…!"
What the hell, is this guy seriously puking? Maybe he just overdid it with the Dragon's Word?  This guy's like a bee; one sting and he's done for.
"Regal Bagos! Are you okay?"
"I'm fine, just… kill that bastard…  Ugh, ugh, ugh…"
I don't really know what's happening, but seeing him stumble while staring at me with hatred gives me a strange feeling. 
「Character has used [Soul Dive].」
「Soul energy is regenerating proportionally to the consumed soul energy.」
Should I feel sorry for him?
「Soul Depletion state has ended.」
It takes one skill to break the effect, anyway...
]]]