## Chapter 423:  Ice-Cold (3)
The Elder Lich's active skill, [Soul Extraction]. This skill's effect was simple. If it was a skill acquired through essence or a skill cast by a regular Elder Lich encountered in the field, it would simply:
"The character enters a [Stun] state." 
Stun. That was all. 
It wasn't a wide-area attack, mind you. It only targeted a single designated entity. It could be countered through various skills, like boosting mental strength, resistance, or even specific skills designed to counter it. But...
"The Ice Wizard, Cariaddea, guides the extracted soul to the Cage of Judgment."
This particular [Soul Extraction] was a little different. 
In the game, it was impossible to prevent [Soul Extraction] by any means, other than being outside its range. And the consequences went beyond a simple stun. 
It triggered a peculiar scenario, like this:
A flash of light!
My eyes flew open, revealing a crystal cave. 
And there, bathed in a soft purple glow, stood a man. 
"Hey there," he said, holding a goblin-blood-stained hammer. "Looking for a friend for the night, perhaps?" 
A human. 
His age? I estimated early thirties. 
He was slightly over 180 centimeters tall, with a kind and gentle face. 
"His feet were large compared to his height...," I thought.
So, this was his face. 
His features had faded even in my memories, but now that I saw him, they flooded back. 
The man chuckled and introduced himself. 
"Ah, I haven't formally introduced myself. My name is Hans." 
Hans A. 
My first encounter with the name Hans, and the one who taught me how to navigate this world, how to survive. 
He'd given me gifts – a hammer, compass, canteen, shoes – that were all new to me. He'd brought me, a savage, into civilization. 
"But why did you kill me?"
His kind features morphed into a demonic expression as he asked the question.
Blood streamed from his crimson, bloodshot eyes.
What was I supposed to do with that?
"Well, I guess you died because you did something worth dying for."
"You could have forgiven me."
"Forgiveness...? "
"I had a daughter and a wife." 
Yes, I knew. 
"I know." 
How could I not? I'd seen the family portrait in the bag I took from him back then. A little girl, maybe three years old, and his wife who seemed younger than him. 
But...
"When you saw them, did you... regret killing me?"
I responded without a second thought.
"No."
It was the honest truth.
Why would I regret it?
"If I went back in time, I'd still kill you."
"..."
"You weren't my first target, were you? Did those people have families, too?" 
Even if that wasn't the case, it still held true.
Where in this world are there orphans without stories?
"Don't worry. You can live without your parents. Your wife and daughter will be fine too."
The source? Me.
So believe me.
KWAJIK-!
There was no point in prolonging the conversation. I charged at him and gave his head a swift, merciless blow with my Devil Crusher. 
But this...?
"...You've changed. You weren't like this back then."
Hans A, with only his jaw remaining, spoke in a calm voice, continuing the conversation.
"...What?"
What was going on? This was scary.
Was this part of the [Soul Extraction] pattern?
Wasn't it supposed to be a scene where all the characters I'd killed reappeared to fight me?
A scenario I'd never seen in the game.
"Changed, you say? What do you mean by that?"
Curious, I asked him. 
He chuckled. 
"You were so scared back then when you killed me."
"Yeah, so?"
"You don't feel anything anymore, do you?"
"Aha!"
"Surely you'll continue this way. Killing a parent, a son, a daughter – someone who was precious to another. You'll accept it all, simply because they were your enemy."
Go ahead, curse me.
I regretted engaging in this conversation. But at least I knew one thing for sure. 
"You know it, don't you?"
This guy could read my mind. 
"You're becoming a monster."
He struck me at my deepest core. 
"Of course, you could deceive yourself until now. You've only killed enemies. You're not a monster yet."
KWAJIK-!
I struck him with my hammer, but his voice didn't falter. 
[But] 
"Damn, you're tough."
[What if it wasn't an enemy?]
[What if you had to kill someone who was innocent, who had done nothing wrong?]
[Or, what if it was someone you wanted to protect more than anything, a comrade?]
[What then?]
I didn't answer.
I knew it was pointless.
The source of this voice was my inner self.
[You're already a monster.]
For survival.
The doubt and fear I'd kept hidden, desperately ignored.
[No different from the monsters you've killed.]
"..."
[You belong here now.]
With those final words, Hans A dissipated into light.
***
My uncle was a prime example of a useless human being. 
A gambling addict without a proper job. 
He would give me generous pocket money when he won, but when he lost, he'd lash out, using me as a punching bag. 
But, as the saying goes, even a pebble on a mountainside has something to teach.
My uncle was the same. 
It wasn't a good thing to say to an eight-year-old, especially not one who had lost his father less than a year ago. But...
If you have to roll the dice, why not create your own board instead of playing on someone else's?
That advice, deeply etched in my mind, helped me navigate this world.
Therefore...
Thump, thump.
I walked through the crystal cave.
It wasn't a real space. 
A virtual world I'd been dragged into after being [Stun]ned by [Soul Extraction].
"I didn't expect the crystal cave to be the backdrop," I thought.
In the game, the scenery was always different. 
The rocky desert on the second floor, the Sky Tower on the fourth floor, the vast ocean on the sixth floor – even royal palaces. I'd woken up in a variety of locations, not just dungeons.
What could be the criteria for choosing these places?
"Perhaps it's the most impactful space."
It wasn't a bad guess.
It was here I'd fallen into a trap and nearly died, where I met Erwen, where I took a human life for the first time. 
The struggle I endured against the Abyssal Lord Berzak, when he was summoned, was something I'd never forget.
툭.
I turned quickly at the sound of footsteps behind me, and saw the familiar faces of a trio.
The mustachioed man with a shield.
The tall, blonde lancer.
And...
"Kih, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi!!!"
The woman in the priest's robes, her head half-crushed, cackling.
The one known as (formerly) Elissa – Half-Head Mode.
"Hey, you guys! Long time no see."
Unlike Hans A, these guys didn't try to converse. They attacked me instantly.
And...
KWAJIK, KWAJIK, KWAJIK-!
I reduced them to shimmering lights within ten seconds.
What was my level now? How many essences had I absorbed? 
These were enemies that were difficult only for beginners. Now, they were no different from goblins – 
At least in the sense that they died in one hit. 
"Whew... How many are left now?"
I tried counting the number of enemies I'd killed, revived, and killed again in the crystal cave, but I couldn't tell for sure. 
How can you remember the number of bread loaves you've eaten? 
Having made a living as an explorer, I had killed so many that I couldn't even count the exact number of souls I'd taken.
"...I think I used to remember."
Hans A's words hit me harder.
I couldn't even recall his face before encountering him here.
Or, rather, I had completely forgotten him.
"Elissa. I remember her face clearly because she left a mark, and..."
What was the lancer's name?
Tasergun? Dyson? Something like that...
As I tried to recall the names of the trio I had just dispatched, I recoiled.
The name of the mustachioed man had come back to me.
"Hans Argo."
His code name was C, the one I'd assigned.
"Damn it."
A thought struck me. Did this mean I had to face every Hans I'd killed?
A chill went down my spine. 
This was no purgatory; this was Hans hell.
"How many Hans have I killed?"
Thankfully, after carefully considering each encounter, I realized it wasn't that many.
I'd only landed the final blows on a few. 
Hans E, the one I'd met in the sewers while chasing Elissa, had become a meat shield when the trap was triggered.
It was Erwen who had killed Hans J, the mage who betrayed us on Parune Island, and the rest were just fleeting encounters. 
Except for one.
"My, my, name, is, Hans, Chrisen... I, am."
Hans G, the evil spirit summoning mage I'd terminated in the Doppelganger Forest.
Wow, there he is.
First, I'll receive my due, right?
"Why, did, you, kill, me? We, we, are, the, same, player…"
Hans G, who had appeared from a side path with his soul-bound elf archer, seemed to be speaking in a peculiar way. 
Was it because I remembered him stuttering?
That encounter had been quite shocking.
"I didn't betray you! It was because he revealed that I was an evil spirit!"
So, what?
KWAJIK, KWAJIK-!
Before he could continue, I charged in and crushed his skull.
The way of the barbarian, a simpler approach to life.
As I continued to roam the cave, I encountered, one by one, the reimagined memories of those I'd killed. Each emerged, fueled by their own grievances, ready to fight me.
"You know now! You know why I became a plunderer! I had no choice in that damn place!"
Zensia Neiphrin, the player I'd killed in the ice cave.
Back then, I hadn't realized.
Or, rather, I hadn't considered it. 
There were players who started in Noark.
"I, I, said it was a mistake! It was a mistake! All because of that! Die! I want you to die!!!"
The trio of religious fanatics who were priests of Karui. They'd been manipulated by Elissa and attacked their own team, and I had killed them in a cabin.
These encounters made me realize a crucial truth.
The more I shed my modern-day shackles, the more I could live a life closer to a human in this place.
KWAJIK, KWAJIK, KWAJIK-!
Countless plunderers I'd met in the dungeon emerged, their resentment seeping into the air.
Those I'd faced early on were all instantly decapitated, but the ones I'd encountered later were different.
PUUUU-WHANG-!
The lighthouse keeper of Orculis.
HUU-WHANG-!
The knight I'd met in the Noark of a bygone era.
"I was trying to help you all! In the end!"
Pike Neldaine, the one who was executed for treason during our expedition.
Individually, these enemies weren't frightening. However, their numbers were steadily growing, and it began to take a toll on my body. 
Like the weight of sin.
"I... have I killed so many?"
At least a hundred, if not more. 
Those were just the souls I'd taken directly.
But...
"Well, it's a good thing."
If I had killed this many, imagine the numbers for those bastards in Noark or the Rose Knights.
Driven by the misfortune of others, I continued to push forward.
Thump, thump.
Through the dark cave, where no destination existed. 
Endlessly.
***
"Final enemy slain."
"The character's [Stun] state is lifted."
"The Ice Wizard unleashes his vengeance on behalf of the restless spirits who failed to achieve their purpose."
"Random penalties are applied until the dungeon closes."
***
When I regained consciousness, I was being dragged along the ground.
Someone had grabbed my legs, dragging me, my back scraping against the cold, sharp surface.
"Ugh... This guy's not wearing any armor, so why is he so heavy!"
Sven Parav's voice.
So, it was you who was dragging me.
"If we're not in the Eye of Ice, does that mean we're halfway there?"
I took in my surroundings as I was dragged.
Absurd phenomena were unfolding.
"Ugh, ugh, ugh...!"
"Ha... Ha... Ha..."
Priests and mages were struggling to carry the unconscious physical explorers on their backs.
I checked the watch on my waist.
"Fifteen minutes, I guess."
It had been fifteen minutes since the second phase began, and since I'd been rendered unconscious.
"Parav, let me go."
"Oh, you're awake?"
"Yes."
I couldn't stay a burden, so I quickly gathered myself and got to my feet. I then ordered Sven Parav to take someone else.
"Orman, Priest! You've worked hard. I'll take care of the person behind you. Please help that person over there. It will be easier if you two carry them together."
"Whew... I'm sorry. You're going to be worn out too, Parav, Knight."
"Ha-ha, it's nothing."
As I stood up and my vision cleared, I quickly scanned the area, assessing the situation.
"Two priests, three mages, two psionics, one melee, two knights, and one archer."
Including me, twelve people had woken up from the [Stun] state. 
Even if each person took one person, there'd be extra, but some warriors were carrying two or three people on their backs. 
The reason was simple.
It wasn't for nothing I considered the [Soul Extraction] pattern a gamble.
"Are Erwen and Amelia still out?"
I took over from Parav, carrying two people on my shoulders. I then approached Jun, who was being carried by the mighty Futa Recover.
"Jun."
"...Ah, you're awake."
Jun lifted his head as I approached, looking embarrassed. 
"Unfortunately, I've lost the use of one leg."
The random penalty that came with regaining consciousness. It was completely random. You might get a penalty as minor as losing your sense of taste, but in the worst-case scenario, like now, one of your characters could become disabled.
This was probably the case for anyone who was conscious but being carried.
"Jandel, are you alright?"
"For now... I don't seem to have changed."
"I'm so glad you're safe. Truly."
"When did you wake up? I want a report."
"The fifth."
"Faster than expected?"
Jun smiled wryly at my thoughtless mumble.
"While I was Inquisitor, I didn't personally kill many Karui priests. Most of them were ordinary, powerless people. It made things easier to handle there."
"I see."
Since he didn't seem to be seeking consolation, I quickly got to the point.
"Tell me what happened while I was unconscious."
"Orman, Priest, and Periton Eriabostis, Priest, were the first to wake up. They really are... the kind of people who wouldn't want to get a drop of blood on their hands."
Well, I don't know about that.
Priests, by the nature of their profession, rarely get the final blow.
"Even during the fight in the Eye of Ice, others always delivered the killing blow."
"But they couldn't move all of us by themselves, so they waited. They started moving once enough people woke up to make it possible."
"How long ago was that?"
"Eleven minutes."
"Were there any others awake at that time?"
"No one from Noark or the Rose Knights woke up before we left, but who knows what's happening now."
Right, I see.
Not bad.
"Jandel, you were right. I attacked those who were still unconscious, but it didn't work."
Of course, those who were knocked unconscious remained invincible during the second phase.
Even Cariaddea wouldn't attack them at that time.
The boss fight resumes thirty minutes after [Soul Extraction] is used.
Those who don't return by then die.
The same applies to those who die inside the dungeon.
"Erwen's fine, but Amelia... I wonder."
I was deeply concerned, but all I could do was trust her.
I put aside the problem I couldn't solve for the moment and began checking the other members one by one.
There were a total of three members who suffered major penalties.
Jun, who was now a cripple.
James Cara, the archer, who was now blind.
And old man Didi, whose right hand had turned gray and hardened like stone.
I didn't know what penalties the unconscious members would suffer, but for now, that's all I knew. 
Which meant...
"What about me?"
What kind of penalty did I receive? 
As I walked and examined myself, I could only clench my jaw. 
Click.
Out of all those penalties, why this one?
"The character's active skills are restricted."
A curse from the Hans I'd met in the cave?
]]] 