## Chapter 424: Icebound (4)
Active skill seal. It was one of the worst penalties, without a doubt. Well, at least it wasn't as bad as being blinded like James Callahn. 
"If it were just something like losing an arm, like Old Man Didee, it would have been better." 
A penalty that drastically reduced combat power, to the point I wished I had lost an arm instead. But there was nothing I could do. The dice had been rolled, and the results were what they were. All I could do was hope for the same bad luck on their end.
"At least… aside from my penalty, it’s not bad." 
The Soul Extraction pattern was actually quite tricky. My footing was a little unsteady, but I managed to maintain my balance, meaning my legs hadn't been taken as a penalty. It was especially difficult for those in positions like spiritualist or mage. Since they were primarily damage dealers, they must have landed many final blows, and now they had to fight alone, without their usual front-line support. 
But…….
"How are you feeling? Any pain?" 
"Everyone must have lived good lives."
"I don’t… know…"
The priestesses were both alive and well. Erwen looked a bit dazed. All but one of the mages had woken up, and the only spiritualist still unconscious was Akuraba. Had something happened inside? I didn't know, but I didn't probe further. The priority was to find out what the penalties were.
"Perhaps it worked out because they were mostly mages who had spent a long time in the mage tower."
"Damn it."
This outcome could be considered a success, despite the gamble.  I didn't know anything about the lives they had lived before, even though we had been comrades on this expedition.  I had been randomly testing the worst penalties, and now I sighed heavily.
Thump, thump, thump. The sound of solid footsteps echoed through the icy cave. I was trying to move as far away from the entrance of the Glacier's Eye as possible when I felt movement from one of my shoulders.
"Mister..."
"You’re awake."
I felt a deep sense of relief, yet I carefully lowered Erwen to the ground. 
"Eighth…."
Unfortunately, Erwen's luck was also bad.
"All resource recovery for Erwen Fornach Di Tersia is limited." 
No resource recovery. In other words, she could only use MP and spirit energy, but couldn't replenish them.
"Don’t use your powers unless you have to protect yourself." 
"Y-yes… I’m sorry…"
"What's there to be sorry for? It happened. It’s a blessing that you’re awake." 
As time went on, the others who had been unconscious started to wake up one after another.
"I apologize for the trouble. I can walk on my own from now on." Meland Kaislan, thankfully, had a mild penalty. 
"Ugh…! Why…!"  Raviyen trembled, as if she had been electrocuted, after placing his hand on her sword, due to the penalty that restricted his weapon usage.
"Um… why isn't anyone speaking?" Tson Iriban, the archer from the 5th team, had lost his hearing. 
And….
"This… is a terrible place." Akuraba looked pale as a ghost. 
"Only two left…." Twenty-five minutes had passed since the Soul Extraction pattern began, and only two people remained: Amelia and the mage, Mackelly Rayathers, from the 2nd team.
"Please, please, find your strength."
As time grew short, the members cast anxious glances at the two who were still unconscious. I was going crazy.
"Why isn’t this one waking up…?"
She couldn’t be dead.  If she were, her heart would have stopped already.
Thump, thump. The sound of my heart echoed in my ears, tightening my chest.
How much longer had it been?
"Mackelly-san, only one minute left. Please, regain your strength…." One minute remaining until the Soul Extraction pattern ended.
"Uhhh…."
"...Emily!"
Amelia finally opened her eyes.
And…….
"Damn it."
The other one remained unconscious.
***
Eighteen survivors. Only a fraction of them would be able to fight.  Many members, including myself, had received significant penalties.  It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that our forces had been cut in half.  
But…….
"How about them?"
Happiness is relative, they say.  Misfortune is too.
"Kariadea, the Glacier Mage, gains new power proportionate to the total number of souls it has absorbed."
The second phase had just ended, thirty minutes after the pattern started. How many of them had survived? And what penalties had they received?
"Whatever, I just hope all those bastards died fighting the boss."
Realistically, that wasn’t likely to happen. Kariadea wasn’t a monster that would pursue them outside the Glacier’s Eye.  No matter how many had woken up, they would have left the Glacier’s Eye by now.
"Dragonslayer… what happened to that guy?"
He might be dead. He was the one who had killed the ancient dragon, the elder who led the Draconians.  They said he had killed it with a surprise attack, so if he had faced it again in a normal state, he probably wouldn’t have won.  I’m not going to lie, I might be hoping for that outcome.
"No, wait a minute."
My body stiffened as I pondered about the Dragonslayer. 
"Damn, does that mean that Dwaki was in his field?"
My mood suddenly turned sour.  At the same time, I thought…
The people I saw in my vision, they were precious to someone, weren’t they?
I snapped out of my thoughts and opened my eyes.
Whoosh-!
The flames flickered, emitting a warm heat. The priestess knelt before the flames, murmuring a prayer, and the members bowed their heads in a moment of silence.  That was the one positive aspect of this situation.  We had the leeway to mourn our fallen comrades.
Crack, crack, crack-!  The flames, fueled by the mages’ combined power, melted flesh and skin in an instant.  The warriors then ground the remaining bones with distortion magic and placed them in their pockets.  A small act of comfort for their bereaved families.
"..."
The short funeral ended. The flames extinguished, and our bodies, briefly warmed, turned cold in the icy wind.  It was time to return to reality.
"...Yandell, what are we going to do now?"
Kaislan's words drew the attention of the members.  He had only outlined the plan up until this point.  His instructions had been to run with those who woke up first when the Soul Extraction began.  He hadn’t said what to do next.
But…….
"If we keep our distance, we might be able to hold out until the closing date."
Even as he said that, his expression remained fixed.  Perhaps he knew what I was thinking. He must have mentioned it first, sensing my thoughts, making it easier for me to speak. 
"Hana Yandell, you know.  Running away like that, we’ll just end up at the edge of a cliff."
"A cliff? What do you mean? Aren’t we all alive now?" One of the members asked, his voice rising, taken aback by Kaislan’s words. 
"We can hold out until the closing date, right?  Isn’t that enough? What’s there to worry about?"
I’m sorry to those who truly thought that was the end, but the hardest part was still ahead. If it weren’t, I wouldn’t have called this a ‘gamble’. 
"..."
Kaislan gave me a silent nod, and I stepped forward with a bitter smile. 
No matter how competent Kaislan was, I couldn’t leave him in charge of this.
"We’re not running away. Or rather, we can’t run away."
The members' eyes widened at my words.  Astonishment and confusion.
“…Why?”
It was simple.
"The enemies who appeared behind us were the Rose Knights."
"Are you saying we can't escape their pursuit?"
"No, that’s not it."
"Then what do you mean…?"
They didn’t seem to understand, so I continued. If we returned alive, the royal family would spin a story.  They would say something about issues within the main force, preventing them from coming to our rescue. They would say we were lucky to have made it back on our own.  They would try to cover up the truth with handwaving explanations.
And…….
Ignoring the truth. That was our only way out. 
"Ignore it, what does that mean?"
"If we pretend not to notice that we’re expendable, the royal family will probably not resort to extreme measures."
It might be cowardly, but this was my plan.
"But that approach is no longer an option."
"..."
"The moment the Rose Knights report what happened here to the royal family, they will undoubtedly try to eliminate the trouble."
"They might try to negotiate with us, to silence us."
Well, there’s a possibility of that too. But….
"Do you really think so?"
There was no answer.  Someone else simply posed a new question.
"So what are we supposed to do?  If we’re not going to die here, we have to get to the city somehow."
That was Puta Riccabern, from the Duke of Kearlunus’s family.  It was a bit admirable and amusing at the same time.
"I didn’t expect you, who had resigned yourself to defeat, to say something like that."
"You brought us here by the scruff of our necks, holding out until the very end.  After all that hardship, you’re going to give up here?"
"It was a compliment, don’t be sensitive. And I never said I was giving up."
"Oh…."
He opened his mouth, taken aback by my words, and I quickly continued.
"Don’t worry.  We’ll figure something out. We always do."
"A solution?"
"Yes.  If no one returns alive, who will know what happened here?"
There will be suspicion, of course, but there’s a world of difference between suspicion and concrete evidence.  Therefore,…….
"We’re going to kill all the Noirk and Rose Knights."
From now on, we’re the ones.
Who will cover the sky with our hands. 
***
Run away? Or fight back?  Agreement on that came sooner than expected. 
"I… don’t know what the right choice is.”
"Ha-ha. There’s nothing special about that. Most of the time, we’ve had to make choices in this situation."
"But he has made those choices, every single time."
"Björn Yandell, I believe in your decisions. That’s my choice." 
"Me too.  It might seem a bit petty in your eyes, but I feel more comfortable this way."
After the expedition’s decision was made, everything became clear. We roamed the caves, casting detection magic in various places, and hunted monsters to secure food using distortion magic. 
"This… isn’t bad at all."
The monster meat was surprisingly palatable.  Of course, there were a few that were so awful I decided they weren’t edible.
"Taste aside, I’m so sad.  These byproducts would sell for a high price."
"There’s no choice. We have to keep our load as light as possible."
We had to discard all the high-priced byproducts obtained through distortion magic, shedding tears over the lost profit.  We didn’t have the luxury of carrying extra stuff, especially since we had to carry our injured comrades.
Half a day passed.
"Yandell-nim! Yandell-nim!"
The mage, Marone, from the 5th team, came running towards me, calling my name. It could only mean one thing.
"Is it the detection magic?"
"Yes, yes…! It activated!" 
Marone’s news could be classified into three types. 
First, good news.
"It was the Rose Knights. Only seven left!"
The number of Rose Knights had drastically decreased.  They must have suffered heavy losses, being the kind of people who killed with impunity.
"What was the condition of the rest of them?"
"W-well…."
Second, ambiguous news.
"They all looked fine… except one with a slightly limp."
Compared to our expedition, where a third of us had received severe penalties, their random penalties seemed to be quite favorable.  I’m not going to say for sure that it’s bad news, since we don’t know the full picture. 
"Th-th-that’s not important anyway!"
The last news was bad, really bad.  The worst possible news, in fact. 
"I, I don't know how, but they’re moving with the Noirk people…!"
Oil and water mixing. 