## Teaming (3)
Teaming. A term commonly used in online competitive games, it refers to an act where players classified as enemies within the game temporarily form an alliance.
“Ha, are they teaming up here?”
Perspectives on teaming vary from game to game. Some consider it part of the game, while others see it as foul play and actively penalize it. 
Of course, intentional teaming is considered foul play by both sides, similar to the use of hacks or bugs. This is because it significantly disrupts the game's balance and causes great harm to ordinary players.
“Damn, what are the admins doing? Why aren’t they catching these bastards?”
My complaints tumbled out involuntarily.
We had somehow managed to create a three-way battle, but now they were teaming up.
Didn’t Noir and the royal family hate each other? 
This has complicated things.
“If this continues, I can’t possibly take them down one by one…”
Plan A has been derailed from the start.
Come to think of it, this has been the case most of the time. 
Can it be said that things never end according to the initial plan? It’s not like I always make hopeful plans, but for some reason, things always turn out this way.
“Um…,” Marone’s voice was hesitant. 
I snapped out of my thoughts.
“Ah, sorry, I was lost in thought.”
“It’s okay.”
“So how many were there on Noir’s side?”
“Six.”
“Who are they?” 
I didn’t know their names, but we had fought once before. Did that have something to do with it?
Marone explained the members, focusing on their abilities, albeit briefly.
“The… ability user with the black spear, the woman who ran like lightning. Oh! And that bald boxer…,” she recounted.
There was also Carui’s priest.
A dark magic user.
And finally…
“Legal Vagos, he was there too?”
“Yes! Yes!”
The dragon slayer, Legal Vagos.
I had thought, though it might be wishful thinking, that he might have died from [Soul Extraction]. But it seems he somehow survived. 
“…He’s in the mental world, so even if his body recovered, it couldn’t have been easy. Is the ancient dragon weaker than I thought?”
“It’s good that he’s alive…,” Raviyen muttered in a strange voice as Marone finished her report.
“What?”
“Because we need his heart to get Pen.”
“Oh…,” I said, remembering.
The dragon-cub, Pen, was the one who cursed Legal Vagos and turned him into a bee. // XD? As a price for the reckless curse, his body’s time stopped, and he became a prisoner of the Dragon Shrine, unable to leave for his entire life.
“…You seem to have just remembered.”
“Sorry, I had a lot on my mind.”
“But you should be mindful. If you retrieve Pen, you could get the protection of my father.”
“Your protection isn’t enough?”
“I have no authority within the clan. But my father does.”
In simpler terms, completing this quest means gaining all the Dragonfolk as allies.
In reality, how things will unfold is unknown. But in my current situation, where I have to face the royal family, this is a quest I can’t afford to miss.
“I remember.”
“That’s good enough. But don’t push yourself too hard. There will always be another opportunity. If you live…,” she added.
What are you saying, you have to kill him to survive!
But I understood her intention.
She was telling me to remember my priorities, no matter what I do in the future.
“Okay, let’s move again!”
We continued our journey, setting up detection magic in every corner of the passage.
They’ll think we’re running away.
To fight even more advantageously, I need to lure them out into my chosen battlefield.
As time passed…
Day 70.
Five days left until the dungeon closes.
Wandering through the cave, we stopped at a certain point.
“Everyone, rest as much as you can. This will be our last rest.”
It was time to prepare for battle.
The detection magic revealed they were chewing on jerky.
‘Probably the rations the Rose Knights had.’
It was both frustrating and envious.
While we were munching on monster meat, they were enjoying proper meals.
Well, because of that, they probably weren’t catching up to us…
‘Does this mean we’re at a disadvantage if we drag this out?’
Monster meat is enough for survival.
However, we need the distortion magic to be successful in acquiring meat. So, it’s impossible for everyone to eat their fill.
It’s not like we’re starving, but our hunger is growing stronger with every passing moment.
So, if we have to fight, we need to do it now, before we get any more tired.
“Yandel-nim, come here! It’s cold there,” Marone called out.
I obediently headed towards the fire.
There were no teams anymore.
Everyone gathered around the fire like they were having a campfire.
“Ah, grilled meat is the best! Yandel, want some?”
I’m not a true Barbarian if I decline meat, so I took it and put it in my mouth. While chewing and munching, I listened to the conversation among the members.
“This… will be our last fight, won’t it?”
A woman anxiously clasped her knees with both arms.
Periton Eariabos, the cleric of Team 5.
She’s from Haendel Church and grew up in an orphanage. She became a cleric. She also said she has a husband in the city.
He’s not an explorer, he’s an ordinary man who works as a clerk in the administration. He said they grew close through her service at the church. 
‘He said he has a child too…,’ I thought.
This is a change that came with the end of our long expedition. 
We’ve survived death countless times and spent so much time together. We now know so much about each other.
“I… will survive. I can’t let my child grow up like me.”
Her determination was fragile yet firm.
Silence fell upon the group.
Crackle, crackle, crackle—
Only the sound of crackling flames filled the air until our team’s mage, Ashid, spoke.
“If it were my wife, she’d be fine without me. She’s strong… but… she’ll cry for sure.”
“Did you… get married? I don’t remember you saying that,” Aldidi-nim asked.
“Well, I’ve never been asked,” Ashid replied.
“Huh,” Aldidi-nim gasped, as if betrayed. The next to speak was Puta Rickburn.
He’s a miserable fellow who was thrown here after working as a fixer for the Duke of Kaerluneas and using retirement as an excuse.
“The more I hear, the more miserable it gets.”
“…Yes?”
“I bet among us, I’m the most insignificant one,” Rickburn said.
“Why are you saying that all of a sudden?”
“It’s because I’m not married, and there’s no one in the city waiting for me. I was so tired of this life that I wanted to retire, but ended up in this mess. If the gods were to choose someone to die, they’d choose me for sure.”
“…”
“But… even so, I’ll survive. It’s terrifying to imagine this pitiful life being all I have.”
It was like a broken riverbank.
He spilled out the anguish he had hidden deep within, hidden from everyone’s sight, as if overwhelmed by the fear that this might be his last day.
“That doesn’t sound like something someone who yells about being finished should say.”
“That’s… can’t you just forget it?”
“Hahaha! Well, how about with just your words?”
However, the atmosphere remained bright.
Even though some of the people here won’t be around tomorrow.
Still, everyone talked about the future.
“Yandel, what will you do once we get out? You’ll want revenge, right?”
Some spoke of revenge.
“Ah, I don’t want revenge. I just want cake…,” another murmured, wishing for something trivial.
“I’m worried about my grandmother who’s staying at home…,” another thought of the people they wanted to see, reinforcing their resolve.
“Forget all that. I just wish I had some drinks,” someone wished for a simple drink.
“I know, right,” another agreed.
The atmosphere truly needed a drink.
The conversation continued.
“Um… if we go back to the city, why don’t we start a clan?”
“A clan?”
“We’re all connected. And… we can’t all stay where we were… We can’t all… If we all combine our strength, I think we can somehow make it in the city…,” she added, her voice trailing off.
Not just my future, but our future.
“Kalla, what was your friend like?”
“Rick?”
“Come to think of it, I don’t think I’ve had a proper conversation with him.”
It wasn’t just our story.
It was a story about those who are no longer here, about those who died.
They reminisced, trying to remember, mourn, and regret.
How much time had passed?
“Yandel-nim…,” Marone called out, her face grim.
“The detection magic is triggered.”
With a bitter laugh, we got up from our seats. And we put out the fire that had been blazing in our center.
“…”
It was time to return to the cold reality.
***
The plan is simple.
Or rather, there isn’t a plan, per se. 
We’ve chosen a place to fight, and here we will stand our ground and fight the enemy to the death.
And the survivor will be the victor.
“…They’re entering.”
“How many?”
“Same number.”
I heard the information I wanted through Erwen, who had her ear to the ground. But just in case, we waited.
About a minute passed.
Thump, thump.
They were close enough for me to hear their footsteps. Soon, they appeared from around the corner.
But the numbers were off.
Seven Rose Knights and six Noir.
Thirteen enemies in total.
‘Did they leave behind those who wouldn’t be helpful in battle due to the penalties?’
No, that doesn’t make sense?
Even without the cold, this is a dungeon, filled with monsters appearing everywhere.
‘They didn’t leave them behind. They abandoned them…,’ I realized.
That was a Noir-esque response.
“…A dead end?”
The woman in the front tilted her head, looking at us as we formed a defensive formation.
She was happy to finally catch up, but something felt off…
“You wouldn’t happen to be waiting for us, would you?”
As expected of a woman who’s seen it all, she picked up on the situation quickly.
But it doesn’t change anything.
“Kalla!”
As soon as I called out, James Kalla activated his skill.
[James Kalla activated [Swift Hands]]
He’s blind because of the penalty, so he can’t hit with attack skills. But that wasn’t what we were hoping for.
[Skill used within range.]
The ground trembled as the skill activated.
[Trap activated.]
Kaboom!
Soon, we heard the sound of something collapsing behind the enemy’s position.
This place is a trap room. 
You can encounter them occasionally while going past the ice cave sections.
“…The path is blocked!”
The activation condition was the use of a skill.
And once the trap is activated, the only entrance is covered in ice, turning this into a sealed room until it melts a day later.
However, the Rose Knights remained calm compared to the Noir, who were taken aback.
Among them, the leader-like woman stood out.
“Why did you choose this?”
Her question was filled only with curiosity.
The answer is simple.
“Because there is no paradise in a place where you run away.”
“An impressive statement.”
It is.
It’s something my favorite author once said.
“But I have a question.”
“My name is Six.”
“…What?”
I wasn’t curious about her name.
Seeing my expression of bewilderment, Six, who had just revealed her name, continued without any change in expression.
“So, what’s your question?”
She seemed a little embarrassed, but there’s no need to pick on that here.
I just asked what I wanted to ask.
“How did you guys manage to team up?”
The answer came from an unexpected place.
“Ah, that?”
Legal Vagos, who seemed to have recovered somewhat, strutted forward.
“Didn’t these women know that we were necessary to catch you? To kill you?”
Well, that’s true from the Rose Knights’ perspective.
Their mission is their top priority.
But…
“Still, why would you agree to their proposition?”
I said, looking at the bald boxer, not the dragon slayer.
Legal Vagos might make a stupid choice out of his hatred towards me. But it looks like this one’s the real leader.
“Don’t you know? We were going to be next after you guys,” the bald boxer said, intending to sow discord.
The bald boxer finally spoke up.
“It’s a famous story that the Rose Knights would never break the oath they made in the name of the king.”
Ah, I thought that oath was our Barbarian race’s cheat code.
It’s funny that it’s even famous. I just heard about it for the first time.
“Besides, we had no choice. Our food ran out while chasing you. We had to join forces to catch you and get food.”
The situation is becoming clearer.
How these two factions came to cooperate.
“So, are your doubts cleared now?”
Six, who seemed like the leader, opened her mouth, as if she wanted to end the conversation, and I shook my head.
“No, not yet.”
“…”
“Rephales? I have a proposition for you.”
The bald boxer chuckled.
“Are you trying to coax us into joining your side?”
Huh, how’d you know?
I readily admitted.
“Yes. Join us. We’ll provide you with food.”
Monster meat, but that’s besides the point.
“…What?”
He seemed surprised to hear such a proposal.
I quickly continued, “The royal family abandoned us, you know? I was thinking about changing our allegiance on this occasion. What do you think?”
“…It’s foolish to trust an enemy.”
“If you need an oath, I swear it. By my warrior’s honor.”
Just like the Rose Knights using their cheat code, I used our clan’s own cheat code.
“Are you… serious?”
The bald boxer was confused and started to think.
Of course, it didn’t take long.
He noticed a troublemaker in the group.
“Rephales, don’t fall for the enemy’s scheme. That guy broke his oath before. He’s a freak who doesn’t care about a warrior’s honor.”
The dragon slayer, who had been betrayed in Larcaz’s Maze, revealed his story. Rephales hardened his resolve.
“Sadly, I have to decline your offer. We have no way to control you people in the city anyway.”
Well, it looks like it’s not going to happen?
“It’s a shame.”
“…”
“Then it’s kill or be killed.”
With my shield protecting my upper body, I looked at them.
I can’t use [Gigantification], so I’m a little lower than them, but that’s not a big deal.
If you don’t have teeth, chew with your gums, that’s the Barbarian spirit.
“Erwen!”
As soon as I called out, Erwen’s body turned hazy.
[Erwen Fornach Di Tercia activated [Spirit Infusion]]
With all the aura users around, it’s obviously the earth attribute.
[Fire attribute damage reduced by half.]
[Water attribute damage doubled.]
[Immune to poison.]
[Blunt weapon damage bonus increased for smashing attacks.]
[Physical resistance greatly increased….]
[….]
Physical resistance went up significantly. And the 2nd stage of the evolved exterior activated without [Gigantification].
[The character’s physical resistance exceeds 350.]
[Piercing damage reduced by 50%.]
Okay, let’s see what you’ve got.
“Behel—RAAAAAAAA!!!”
I’m pretty good at brawls.