## Ice-Cold (1)
It's a stark contrast to the narrow passageways of Ice Eye, where four people side by side would clog the path. This place is more like a wide-open plaza. The area the vanguard has to protect has expanded significantly, but our numbers have dwindled.
"Me, Jun, and the Goblin."
The pure tank line now consists of only the three of us. And Jun, with his missing leg, struggles to perform at his full potential. So...
"Puta Reberun, Kaislan, Ravien, and Amelia."
The melee vanguards are also spread thin, forming a makeshift barrier.  It's a flimsy barrier, to be sure, but... 
This is a problem we can't solve with complaints. We've chosen the best path forward. Now, all that's left is to face the consequences.
Swoosh!
Black mist spreads out, enveloping the plaza. It's the work of the dark mage. It might have debuff effects, but its true purpose is likely to obscure our vision.
"Visibility's about 1 meter."
A tingling sensation spreads through my body as the warrior's senses heighten in the limited visibility. Amidst this chaos, 
[Grrr...!]
Undead creatures emerge from the shadows, baring their fangs and brandishing claws. All of them are summoned by the Karui priest.  They wouldn't have been much of a threat in the narrow passage of Ice Eye, but that's not the case here.
Crack!
I swing my hammer, repelling the oncoming creatures. Then, 
[Sir...!]
As Erwen's warning pierces my ears, 
Whiz!
A sharp blade emerges from the darkness, aiming for my neck.
Clack!
The limited visibility hinders my reaction, but I manage to block the blade with my shield. Yet, at that very moment.
Woooosh!
A blinding white light bursts from the region where my heart should be. At first, I'm taken aback, but the phenomenon is quickly identified.
[Periton Eiriabostig has cast [Unquenchable Light].]
It's one of the priest's buffs. It's a skill I've rarely used in the game; it only increases spirit and nothing more. But...
"Did she use it to provide visibility? Clever."
I can't help but chuckle at the thought.
Swoosh!
The white radiance emanating from my chest pushes back the darkness. Now, my visibility extends to about 3 meters.  The void of darkness remains, though, swallowing the space between me and my companions.  I can barely make out Sven Parav and Amelia, who stand on my left and right. However... 
Clack!
Although shrouded in shadow, I see the light from their hearts, pulsing with a distinct rhythm. Like fireflies navigating the darkness.
"Aaaahhh!"
While parrying the incoming blades with my shield and swinging my hammer relentlessly, I continue to monitor the lights flickering around me.
Swoosh!
The lights, pulsating with a chaotic rhythm, signal the intense struggle underway. For those hidden within the shadows, they might be a beacon, but for us, they serve as a sign. A testament to the fact that my comrades, those beside me, are still alive and fighting.
[Erwen Fornach Di Tersia has cast [Focused Fire].]
Arrows pierce the darkness, pushing it back.
[Benjamin Orman has cast [Purifying Moon].]
Luminous particles descend from the sky, seeping into my body.
And as these moments pass…
Pff!
My body bears more wounds.
The woman, who introduced herself as Six, addresses me.
"...You've weakened considerably."
Of course, I can't use [Ironclad Fortress] now. Even with Earth Mode activated, my aura-defending abilities are severely diminished. But that's not all. I've lost the strength bonus from [Enlargement]. My only damaging skill, [Swing], and [Eye of the Storm], which I used to catch enemies off guard, are unavailable. However…
"So what?"
I grin, meeting her gaze.
"If you think I've weakened, then kill me."
"..."
"I won't go down."
Or rather, I've made up my mind to stay standing.  This kind of fight usually ends with the last one standing being declared the winner.
"...Do you trust the priests?"
She's not wrong.  Without the constant healing flowing my way, I wouldn't have lasted this long. But…
"What are you even trying to say?"
She's a funny woman, indeed.
"Is there something wrong with trusting your comrades?"
[Dungeon & Stone] is a team game, after all.
Bang!
I swing my hammer towards the sound. There's no satisfying feeling of crushing bone this time, of course.
"For someone who trusts their comrades, you seem rather hasty."
Seriously, she talks too much.
"Are you worried? About being the only one facing you here?"
Her intentions are obvious. She's trying to provoke me, hoping I'll become reckless and leave an opening. If her objective were anything else, this icy woman wouldn't be chattering away like this. The problem is, it's working, to some degree.
Whoooosh!
I swing my hammer again. Yet, the doubts and anxieties persist.  Where are the others? I was sure they'd all be focusing on me.  I thought if I held strong, it would be easier for my comrades.
"Aaaaaah!"
A scream pierces through the clashing of weapons.
"Bjorn Yandel, you're the last one."
Whose scream was that?
"I learned back then that you wouldn't go down easily."
Enemy? Or ally?
I don't know. But... 
"So until then... I hope you never fall."
I force my overheated mind to calm down. I can't just run over there to check.
"Behel—laaaaaaaaaaaah!"
All I can do is trust and keep fighting.
***
When I was young, the archbishop who took me in said:
[You have no parents now. Your only parent is the radiant Sun, Tobera.]
[The divine envoy has no place for worldly love, so discard your human heart.]
[From today, you are Jun.]
Jun, the former inquisitor of Tobera's Church.  The day he abandoned the surname Archen.  From that day forward, he lived not as a human, but as a beast called the divine envoy.
[It's a necessary duty. Aren't you a man?]
He suppressed his desires with prayers.
[It hurts...!]
[You still hold onto your humanity.]
He endured brutal training, bordering on torture, every day.
[You can rise. As long as the sun's light shines upon you.]
He wished to be broken, but the warmth of the sun's light forced him to heal.
When he reached adulthood, he was no longer human.
He held no doubts. He simply did as the Church instructed, doing the Lord's work for the sake of the world. However…
"Why did it happen...?"
There wasn't any special catalyst. That day was ordinary. The sky was overcast, but the sunlight that reached my skin was warm.  Yet, on that day, Jun Archen, while staring blankly at the sky, felt a question arise for the first time.
"Am I right?"
A question long overdue. Even now, I can't figure out why that question suddenly emerged. Perhaps it was because he saw a family of three on the road that day, and they were so radiant.
One thing is certain: That day, the beast's life ended.
[...What! How could you do that? ]
He relinquished his position as inquisitor and returned to being an ordinary follower.  The order of events might be reversed, but it was only after that he became disillusioned with the Church.
It wasn't hate for the Lord. He felt the Lord's presence more closely than ever in that question that came to him like a revelation. His faith only grew stronger.
"I... was wrong."
He felt more despair than anger. The weight of the sins he had committed under the guise of the Lord's name finally crushed him.
It seemed like a normal life would not be allowed. Yet, he yearned for it more than ever.
That's probably why it happened.
[I have one more favor to ask of you.]
Jun Archen accepted his final mission to sever ties with the Archbishop—no, the Cardinal, as he now was.
It was a mission for the world, not one like his previous ones, where he created innocent victims. He hoped it would atone for some of his past actions.
And as time passed…
Kwwaaaaaaang-!!!
We've reached this moment.
"Punishment."
Perhaps this is my punishment. For misinterpreting the Lord's will, for being a foolish child manipulated by wicked human desires. 
Yes, I thought that way in the beginning.  But I can say this now.  If this is truly my punishment... 
"You... were wrong."
It was wrong.  Even if it was him who pulled me out of the beastly life I lived. This is not... right.
"Aaaaaah!"
"H, how did they get here...!"
The light in my heart fades. The light of those who were trying to move forward into the future.
Swoosh.
As if to prevent me from moving forward, my right leg refuses to budge.
Swoosh.
Dragging my leg behind me, I stumble forward.  My movements are precarious, as if I might fall at any moment. But I continue, step by step.
Swoosh.
It's only when I start moving that I realize something. It might seem like a play on words...
Swoosh.
Those who wish to move forward, can move forward.  No matter what the circumstances.
"Perhaps I never would have realized this, if not for that man."
Then, I hear a voice from behind. 
"Jun! W, what are you doing?"
Periton Eiriabostig.  Unlike me, she has lived a life of radiant light, upholding a pure sense of justice.  She was a woman who vowed to live for her precious child.
And she is not alone.
"Barhatoon Viar!"
The bearded mage has a beloved wife.
[Groald Altidi has cast [Invalidation].]
The elderly man, who lost his child, has a vendetta to settle.
[Titana Akuraba has cast [Blood Lancet].]
And the dwarf, a firm sense of duty.
Suddenly, Puta Reberun's words, spoken before the battle began, flash through my mind.
[The more I hear, the more miserable it gets. I think I'd be the most insignificant person among us, if anything.]
He was wrong. 
Of the eighteen who have survived, so far.  Or even including all thirty who started. 
Of them all, the most insignificant... No, it is definitely...
"Me."
Jun realizes his role.
"Please, come over here!"
Born with only his parent's names. 
He became an inquisitor.
He wandered until he reached this cold place.
Every moment he has witnessed, heard, and felt during this journey.
"This is just what I have to do."
It was all for this moment.
It was like a revelation.  His mind is clear.  He is no longer afraid.  This doesn't feel like a trial.  Even the fact that one leg doesn't move feels like a necessary part of his existence.
"So there's a vanguard here too."
"Your leg's broken."
"So that's why you stayed back?"
"Eliminate them quickly."
Crimson-aura-wielding enemies charge towards him in unison.
Jun raises his shield.
Clack-clack-clack-!
Two daggers pierce through the shield. And...
Pff!
Two daggers pierce his chest.
He feels no pain. For the first time, he's grateful. For the brutal training he endured in his childhood.
[Jun Archen has cast [Incarnation].]
The Lord's power floods his body. He feels capable of achieving anything. 
He lets out a roar. It might not be the perfect cry of a paladin, but...
"Behel—laaaaaaaaaaaah!"
He's already paid for all the sins he committed. It's alright, just this once.  To let out a roar, a cry that only he wants to make.
"We need to help Jun!"
The priests, mages, and archers from the rear guard all contribute their talents to assist him.  
Yet, Jun Archen's life flame begins to flicker.
Clank.
The shield falls from his limp arm.
Pff! Pff! Pff!
Daggers pierce through his upper body.  Jun Archen no longer tries to block or dodge. He focuses only on staying upright.
The Rose Knights look at him in bewilderment.
"He should have been dead from those injuries."
"...But why won't he fall?"
"He's bought us three minutes already. Take him down."
The offensive intensifies.
Pff!
Blood pools on the floor.  Jun's head swims.
How long has he been standing? His sense of time is distorted.  He can barely make out the faces of his enemies, their features blurred.  
Yet, there is something else that is perfectly clear.
Swoosh!
The flickering lights, each one distinct, within the darkness.  Among them, he is sure, is one particular light.  Bjorn Yandel.  He must be making his way forward, doing what he has to do.
"Clan…"
They were going to start a clan when they got back to the city, weren't they?
He is not afraid of death, but a pang of regret strikes him.  When it was first mentioned, he had said nothing, thinking it was not his place.  
"It would have been fun…"
It would have been.
The Royals, Noir, and countless other groups who abandoned them.  Even if all of them were hostile...
Pff!
A sharp blade slices through his chest.  Jun Archen knows instinctively.  His flame has burned out.
"..."
"..."
The surrounding clamor fades, and his vision turns black.  The flickering light in the distance disappears, leaving only a faded stain. And...
Swoosh!
The darkness recedes, replaced by a radiant light, all around.  As if to welcome him, like a child who has completed his duty, the light envelops him with warmth.
"P, pfffff…."
Jun Archen smiles.  Even if this is just a hallucination before he dies.  Even if it's nothing but a false hope and expectation...
"Rescue me, lost and wandering,..."
Not by whipping the foolish sinner.  But by embracing his weary soul.
"Please embrace me..."
It was a moment he had longed for.
***
There was no strategy, no tactics.  Only a constant struggle to survive.
Kwwaaaaaaang-! Scrape, Pff!
Explosions, the grinding of weapons, shouts and screams all blend into a chaotic symphony.  Had anyone lived or died after this battle, it wouldn't have been a surprise. How long had this scene been playing out?
Swoosh!
The mist that had shrouded our surroundings begins to dissipate. It's unlikely the dark mage has already exhausted his magic…
"Who killed the dark mage?"
I guess we'll know soon enough.
The mist disappears, revealing our surroundings once more.  The first thing I see is a woman with a furrowed brow. And...
"When did she get over there?"
A knight is wielding his sword with vigor, deep within the enemy's rear guard.  Meland Kaislan.  A fallen mage lies beside him, his neck severed.
"A reckless move, but nice."
I scan my left and right.  No one from the vanguard has fallen. However, everyone's in rough shape.  Ravien is undoubtedly the worst off.  He said he was good at fist fighting earlier, but he's toast without his sword. 
"Okay, no one's dead yet."
What about the rear guard?  That's where I heard the scream.
"I think I heard someone call out our ancestor's name."
I'm not sure. It was so loud around me.
Tap, tap, tap.
The woman steps back slightly, giving me a chance to check behind me.  It's worse than I expected.  Three Rose Knights stand in front of the rear guard.
"..."
One figure lies on the ground, dead. My heart sinks when I see him, but it's a Rose Knight. And...
"Jun stopped them."
I see Jun standing in front of the rear guard, protecting them. As soon as I see him, the conversation we had before the battle flashes through my mind.
[Stay in the rear… did you say?]
He was not happy with my request.
But he reluctantly nodded when I explained that the real fight would be back in the city and that we would need his strength on the outside.
However…
"That guy, he couldn't even walk straight, and now he's like this..."
My heart sinks as I take in Jun's condition. He is a bloody mess; it's easier to find injuries than places where he hasn't been hurt. 
He must have made his own decision. That it was time to stop hiding and contribute.
"If he hadn't been there, the rear guard would have been completely wiped out."
I feel both terror and relief.  Jun, he must have done his best to save the rear guard, even to the point of allowing himself to be this badly wounded.  He may have managed to have the rear guard take down one Rose Knight, but...
Thump!
My heart starts racing.
"Why..."
Jun is standing, unwavering.  He might not be holding his shield, but... 
He is standing, unmoving.  But...
"His light... is out."
His heart light, unlike those of the other warriors, is not lit.  My heart pounds as my mind instantly concludes the answer.
Yes, he's dead.
"!!!"
I'm not the only one who is slow to realize his death.  The Rose Knight, right in front of him, finally realizes Jun is dead, charges toward our rear guard, and attacks them.
But their daggers never find their mark.
Clang!
Amelia, reacting faster than I could even blink, uses her clone to block the two daggers. However...
Pff!
She was too distracted and receives a blow in the back.
It snaps me out of my daze.
"...I was wrong."
I focused on defense, thinking that just holding strong would be enough.  After all, my active skills are sealed.  I thought my best course of action was to stay a meat shield, doing my part, even if it meant only that. But…
[Sir...!!]
Was that truly my best?  Was I really limited to that?  I thought without a doubt I was doing my best, just a moment ago.
But I can't think that way now.  I've seen it.  The paladin who, despite his damaged leg, stood his ground to the very end.  Who sacrificed everything for his comrades.  He stands tall even in death, blocking the enemies. 
That's the kind of thing you can say about a person who has given their all.
Clank!
I make up my mind and issue an order to Erwen.
"Erwen, change your attributes."
I can't take any more damage in Earth Mode.  It's time to…
[What? To what?]
As soon as I say the attribute I want, my body begins to change.
Swoosh!
I'm not changing to Water, Fire, Earth, or Wind.  It's the main attribute of Erwen, the Blood Wraith:
[Dark spirit infuses the character's body.]
A chilling darkness begins to seep through my skin.  Called...
[All resistance values are fixed at 0.]
[Holy resistance is fixed at -200.]
[Darkness resistance is fixed at +800.]
[Abyssal Blessing Bonus.]
[All types of status ailments are negated.]
[All types of attacks receive an Unblockable Strike bonus...]
[...]
Elemental Barbarian (Black) Extreme Damage Mode.