## Chapter 429: Ice-Like (4)
The moment [Spirit Summoning] activated.
"The character’s body is imbued with the Spirit of Wind."
A translucent wind began to swirl around my skin. Even without words or gestures, I could sense Erwen’s intentions.
"All damage will be mitigated by evasion."
Evasion mitigation activated by chance.  It was worth noting that this evasion mitigation offered the highest probability of success against attacks classified as magical damage.  This was why I never activated Wind Mode when facing mages or supernaturalists.  The risk was simply too high.
"Incoming magical damage is increased by two times."
A 50% chance of evasion?  Sounds good, but taking double damage when hit could pose a much greater threat in this game.  But…
Whizz!
The coin had already been tossed. There was only one thing left to do.
Thump.
To simply observe the outcome.
Whizz!
In that instant, when the fate of everyone might be hanging in the balance… there was no need for delay, as the result was instantly revealed.
"The character successfully evaded."
The [Endspike] hurtling towards me, with the intent to pierce my body, veered off course, as if pushed away by a gust of wind, narrowly brushing against my skin.  And…
Kaboom!
The black spike slammed into the ceiling with a deafening roar.
“…!”
A wave of debilitation swept over me, as if my heart had sunk deep into my chest.  The wind that had enveloped my body dissipated.
“Erwen Fornaci di Tercia’s natural forces have been completely depleted.”
“[Spirit Summoning] is being deactivated.”
Ah, that’s all that was left, wasn’t it?
‘…I’ll think about it later.’
I rolled over with Erwen still in my arms, then stood up.
“Bjorn…”
Huh? Why call me Bjorn instead of “Uncle?”  The sudden change in address felt strange, but I didn’t dwell on it.  Checking her condition was more important.
“It’ll be hard, but can you take care of the supernaturalist over there? Just stay vigilant.”
“…I can.”
Good, then the baton pass is complete.
“You… you…!”
The moment I turned, I felt an impact through my shield.
Crack!
The Dragonslayer, Regal Bagos. The being who taught me what it meant to lose a comrade.
Crack!
His swings, though seemingly random, held a certain force behind them.  I caught his blade while thinking.
‘I thought I’d be overjoyed to tears.’
Not really, though.
Well, I guess that’s only natural.  This was a moment I’d been yearning for, but I’d lost so much to get here.
“How… how can you be so resilient?”
“The kid who followed me here to kill me shouldn’t be talking about resilience.”
“I’ll end this!”
He put more force behind his blade.  He swung it like squeezing a dry towel, burning himself in the process.  The source of his power was obvious.  His hatred for me, but also, as he himself knew, killing me was the only way he could survive this encounter.
Crack!
The current situation was simple.
Erwen, who had cheated death, was using her last bit of strength to mark the supernaturalist.
“Emily! You can ignore that guy, right?”
“…Of course.”
Amelia was engaged in a fierce battle against Baldy Rapeles, while the rest were all down.  Some might still be breathing, but they were just holding on, with no energy left to fight.
In short…
Crack!
This fight would decide the victor of this long struggle.
Crack!
I reinforced my shield and pushed away his blade.  Even though my resilience was in shambles from the recoil, my strength hadn’t diminished.
“…!”
He stumbled back three steps from my effortless gesture.  I’d assessed his condition from the repeated blows, so now it was my turn.
“Behel—laaaaaaa!!!”
I charged, roaring the name of our ancestral god.  No matter how much I screamed, [Savage Eruption], classified as an active skill, wouldn’t activate… but…
‘I can’t fight properly without it anymore.’
Whoosh!
I swung my hammer, imbued with the power of our ancestral god.
Thud.
He took two steps back to dodge, then lunged at the opening my hammer swing had created.  He was clearly a seasoned fighter.
But…
‘So that makes the outcome even more obvious.’
His blade sank deep into my side.  The wound was a stark reminder of my resilience, which had significantly dropped from the recoil.
Phoo!
It wasn’t a blow I couldn’t have dodged or blocked.  But it would’ve prolonged the fight.
Whiz.
The moment the blade pierced my side, I extended my arm forward.  My target was his neck.  The difference in strength was clear, so if I managed to grab him, he wouldn’t be able to escape, no matter what.
Thud.
He hastily retreated.  He was so hasty that he even left his weapon behind.
“Leaving that behind?”
I gritted my teeth, pulled the blade out of my side, and raised my lips, which had gone numb from the blood.
“I’ve had enough of these sword gifts.”
“….”
“Seriously, what kind of swordsman constantly loses their weapon?”
I chuckled with disdain.  His face hardened.  His eyes filled with hatred, as if they were about to shoot lasers.  But his actions were different from his gaze.  He was panicking, completely lost without his sword.
Thud.
He charged, not at me, but to the side.  His intentions were clear.
‘He’s going to use that dropped sword?’
Now that I think about it, it happened in the maze too.  When he lost his sword, he charged at Misha to steal hers.  I was powerless to do anything but watch as Rotmiller intervened, receiving the sword with his body and placing it in the [Treasure Vault], claiming that it was their property.
But…
‘Things are different now.’
The worst and the second worst.  Back then, we had to choose one of the options he presented.  But now, the tables have completely turned.  It’s not me who’s choosing, it’s him.
Thud.
The moment he took a step, I charged forward.
“…!”
His pupils dilated as the distance between us rapidly closed.  He must be struggling to decide whether to grab the sword or not…
Whoosh!
He saw the hammer descending above his head and made a truly pathetic choice.
Thud.
He abandoned the dropped sword and rolled on the ground.
‘Did I worry about a fake-out for nothing?’
I would’ve pretended to grab the sword, then twisted my body to catch him off guard.  Well, he’s a swordsman, so I guess I can’t blame him.
Still… if his weapon was so important, couldn’t he have at least chosen to sacrifice a shoulder to retrieve it?
‘…Maybe he’s got something else up his sleeve.’
I wouldn’t be lying if I said his decision felt pathetic, but I armed myself with caution instead of complacency.  It was much better to be wary than to underestimate the enemy.
So in that sense…
Whoosh!
I swung my hammer cautiously, keeping a safe distance.
Thud!
He retreated again.  And that pattern repeated several times.
Thud.
Finally, his back hit the wall.  At the same time, his dragon eyes widened.  It was then that I realized.
‘This kid… did he not even consider the wall?’
His hidden trick?  There was no such thing.  He just hastily dodged my hammer, and that’s how he ended up here.  That’s all there was to it.
Crack!
My hammer slammed into his left shoulder, proving my point.
“Ugh…!”
He whimpered with bloodshot eyes and attempted to flee to the side.  I felt a strange sensation.  Was it a sense of emptiness?
“If you’re going to give up a shoulder, you should at least take something.”
Honestly, if he was going to give up a shoulder like that, shouldn’t he have grabbed his weapon at least?
My anger boiled over, not at his foolishness, but at his incompetence.
So…
Crack!
I grabbed him by the back of the neck, pulling him towards the wall.
Wham!
He vomited blood.
“Ugh…!”
I swung my hammer once more.  I aimed for his crown, but he rolled to the side and avoided it.
Crack!
His left leg was completely crushed.
“Aaaaagh…!”
He screamed.  I felt no satisfaction.  That Six woman I killed earlier maintained her composure even when her head was crushed.  This guy was like a spoiled child.
“All because of… a punk like you.”
But he had an incredible will to survive.
Drag, drag.
He dragged his crushed leg and crawled away from me.  His target?  Baldy was busy slugging it out with Amelia.  Was he hoping to get help from that guy?
Stomp.
I stomped on his back to stop him.  And then he seemed to realize the truth.
“…Please… kill me.”
He finally spoke, gritting his teeth.  Thank goodness.  He might have stumbled over his words, but at least he wasn’t begging for his life.  If he had, I would’ve been truly upset.
Kaboom!
I glanced at Amelia, still engaged in battle, and quickly made my decision.  No need for a drawn-out fight.  Just a few words, and then it would be over.
“Do you remember Rial Werve Dwarki?”
“Kkuk, khurhurhur….”
He sneered, as if he’d found my Achilles’ heel, knowing that death was inevitable.  It wasn’t important.
“You mean that half-assed mage from back then?”
The day we couldn’t even retrieve his body from the maze.  The day we held a funeral with only a few of his belongings.  That day, I made a decision.  That if this moment ever came, I would tell him this to his face.
So…
“Just listen.”
I crushed his remaining shoulder with my hammer and spoke.
“Rial Werve Dwarki.”
Almost three years had passed.
“That half-assed mage who saved us all in the maze that day…”
It had been a long time coming.
“…didn’t lose.”
He didn’t lose to you.
“Because I’m the one who’s going to kill you now.”
“….”
“He won, understand?”
He didn’t respond again.  Was that his last pride?  I flipped him over, grabbed his chin with my toe, and forced him to nod.
‘Whew, so it’s finally over?’
It felt surreal, but it seemed that way.  Anyways, since that’s the case…
Crack!
Die, you punk.
***
Crack!
I crushed Baldy’s skull with my hammer, after taking out the Dragonslayer along with Amelia.
"Mana Rapeles has been defeated."
Next was the supernaturalist, who was struggling to evade Erwen, who kept clinging onto him.
"Kale Elbad Jeneger has been defeated."
All the enemies’ heads were crushed.  And the moment my brain processed that fact, the heat of the grueling battle drained from my body.  A cold air swept over me.
Whoooosh.
The surroundings, now devoid of enemies, were as silent as the aftermath of a storm.  Maybe that’s why it finally hit me.
“It’s over…”
The battle was finally over.  But there was no time to rest.
“Amelia, check for any surviving enemies.”
“I, I’ll help…!”
“Helping?  Resting is helping.”
I entrusted Amelia with the finishing blows, while I forced Erwen, whose strength had been depleted, to rest.  And I…
Creak.
I began to gather the fallen soldiers, lying on the cold floor.  I checked the condition of those still breathing, while I closed the eyes of those who had lost their warmth.  Even the word “desolate” couldn’t describe this scene.
‘Sven Parav, Meland Kaislan, Lilis Marone, Titana Akuraba, Ravien, James Kara, Vercil Goulond, Erwen, Amelia.’
And me.
“Ten…”
The number of soldiers who survived this expedition.  The rest were gone.
“Yande… I found your potion of vitality.”
Amelia returned, having searched through the corpses of the Rose Knights and Noark scum, and distributed the potions according to the severity of the injuries.
“I’ll see if there are any more.”
“Thanks, Emily…”
The amount of potions was far too insufficient to fully heal everyone.  But thanks to the timely distribution, our soldiers, who had been hovering between life and death, gradually recovered and regained consciousness.
And…
“We’re… the only ones… are we really the only ones who survived?”
A dark shadow fell over the soldiers’ eyes as they received news of the expedition’s casualties.  The reason was simple.
We were too close to one another to feel joy at our survival.  Indignation took precedence over relief.
“Aaaaaaagh!!!”
While not sobbing uncontrollably like Mage Marone, we clenched our fists and endured the sorrow.
“Ashe… Ashe’d’s wife said he was waiting for him.  Eriebosti, the priestess… she had a child.”
“Bentis Gerode dreamed of reaching the Abyss someday.”
“Iribern said he wanted to open a shop after this expedition was over.”
“Everyone… none of them deserved to die here. No, they didn’t… but why… why!?”
It didn’t take long for sorrow to turn into anger.
“Yande, tell us! Why? What did we do wrong?  Why did we have to die here like this?”
The fundamental question we finally arrived at, after coming full circle.
“Did… did we do something that bad? Something that warranted… this punishment?”
“…When we get out of here, I’m going to kill the Clan Chief first. Even if it means I die.”
“That won’t work. We need to take this to the public and protest. We need to let everyone know what we had to endure here!”
“It’ll be hard because the royal family is involved, but… maybe it’s possible. Ravien is a dragon, and Akuraba, you have a lot of say within the dwarf tribe.”
“Yande was a candidate for the sub-chief, right?  And Erwen is a very important figure in the elf tribe…”
“Yes, if all your tribes unite…!”
Their emotions burned brighter, and my head and heart grew cold.  I wanted to lash out like them, to express my anger.  But I couldn’t.
[I… I knew… you would… be a… giant…]
For that reason, to become the man Didi wanted me to be…
Crack!
To become someone like that, at the very least, I couldn’t do that.
“Yande! What do you think? Surely you won’t just sit back and do nothing, right?”
I stared at them, trembling with emotion, and spoke.
“I… No, we’re going to do nothing.”
“…What?”
“It’s the only way we can survive.”
“…!”
“Kaislan, you’re a knight, right? You know that if your tribe attacked the royal palace, they’d all die.”
Kaislan, who had always been on my side and helped sway public opinion, remained silent this time.  Yes, he doesn’t want to answer, does he?  I continued.
“It’s impossible for your tribe to unite in the first place. Would they all risk their lives to fight with us if we asked? For the fate of their tribe?”
I don’t think so.  Reality is different from fairy tales.  Those who live in this world, on this cold ground, make decisions based on calculations.
“But… but we have to do something!”
“Even if it means we all die?”
“It’s better than doing nothing!”
“Marone, do you really think that’s the right thing to do? If you throw away your hard-earned life like that, you think those who are already dead would be happy about it?”
“Then… then what am I supposed to do?!”
I was surprised to hear the mage, who always remained cheerful even in hardship, screaming like this, but I didn’t stop talking.
“Like I said earlier, we need to do nothing.”
“….”
“We shouldn’t protest, or even speak.”
“….”
“We should assume that something happened to the main force, and that they couldn’t come.”
“….”
“We should say that we weren’t the ones who killed Noark’s troops, which they were keeping in reserve on the eighth floor.”
If we reveal that we killed them, it would be a huge feat, but we can’t tell anyone.
“The Rose Knights, who are said to be a legend?”
It’s the same with them.  It’s a feat that we could brag about at drinking parties for the rest of our lives, but…
“We never even encountered them.”
We have to.  Because what happened here is our secret.  If we act like we know nothing, pretending to be clueless, then those who sent us here will put the pieces together.  In a way that makes sense to them.  Perhaps they’ll think our pursuers and the Rose Knights somehow clashed, and that the pursuers somehow managed to survive.
“Then… what about the dead…?”
Marone finally whimpered.
“Those guys…”
I bit my lip and spat it out.
“Those guys… died to the monsters after escaping the Frozen Eye.”
“Monsters…?”
“Yes, they were exhausted from escaping the Frozen Eye, and their equipment was gone, so they ran out of food.  So… it’s not an unbelievable story—.”
“That’s a lie! Those people didn’t die like that! They fought against those strong people! We almost thought it would be better to just die than to keep struggling… but… ”
“….”
“They fought, though… we… until the very end… none of us gave up. We fought and won… but… but…!! Monsters?  They died to monsters…?”
“…Stop it, Marone…”
Kaislan embraced Marone to calm her down.  And then, Sven Parav spoke up.
“So… what happens next?”
“We escaped like cowards, hiding until the very end, and we’re the only ones who survived.  That will be the ending of our expedition that’s passed down to the world.”
“I see. That definitely seems like the safest option.  But…”
He looked at me and said.
“It still doesn’t sit right with me.”
I’d never heard that resolute voice from him before.  But his eyes held no hostility.  Why?
“But I’ll do as you say.”
“Why?”
“I can see it in your eyes. You’re the one who hates this the most.”
I was speechless.  And then Akuraba spoke up.
“You… you’re not going to just sit back and do nothing, right?”
“…Of course.”
“Then, I’ll wait.”
Akuraba retreated, and then James Kara stepped forward.
“Me too… I’ll do it. I’ll have to pretend everything’s okay with the Clan Chief, but… it’s better than seeing my comrades die right in front of me.  It’s better than today…”
The passion in his voice was palpable, even with his eyes closed.  I approached each of the remaining soldiers, asking for their opinion and confirming their decision.
And when all that was done, I approached the mage who was the last one left sitting down.
“Lilis Marone.”
Her eyes met mine, and she looked up at me and asked.
“How long…”
“….”
“How long do we have to endure this?”
I don’t know.  But if I have to be honest…
“A long time.”
It’ll be years before we can draw our blades.  But one thing is clear.
“…I see.”
Day 71 of the Expedition.  Frozen Eye, the Ice Cave of the Seventh Floor.  A cold chill rises from the ground, coating the ice-covered ground.
“If we just wait… if waiting is all it takes…!”
It wasn’t burning rage, a desire for self-destruction.  But perhaps that’s why it wouldn’t disappear with time.  It’s the cold anger we engraved within our hearts.
“I’ll wait… too.”
We each inscribed it in our hearts.
]]] 