##  Rival (4)
At first, I was simply stunned. After Baekho left, I stood there blankly, gradually realizing the reality of it.
“Whew….”
He really is gone.
That bastard, to the very end…
‘What the hell is with that “뿅”?!’
But at least I can finally breathe. I was so worked up before that I didn't even notice the fatigue.
“….”
My body felt completely drained, in the literal sense of the word. My head throbbed with a pain far worse than what I felt back in college when I pulled all-nighters drinking coffee for three days straight.
‘Wait, was that why his head wasn’t working properly?’
Ah, I don’t know.
Why does it even matter?
Thud.
I collapsed onto the sofa. I desperately needed mental rest. But…
‘I’ll rest later.’
I muttered the tasks I needed to accomplish in place of my sluggish brain.
“….First, I need to review everything.”
From our first encounter to his sudden departure. I replayed our conversation in my mind, a usual routine for me whenever something happens. However, with my pounding head, I couldn’t even remember the nuances of his expression or his gaze as we spoke.
“Ugh, my head….”
The review process felt like pushing the accelerator of a car out of gas. My will to move forward was strong, but my head was getting duller by the minute. So, I focused only on the most crucial parts.
[Really, is it you, Bjorn Jandel?]
The bait he tossed at me.
[You and me are on the same side, aren’t we? It’s not like I can’t make this sacrifice. Right?]
His willingness to give up Misha as soon as he realized I was Bjorn Jandel.
[There’s a button here. If you press it, you’ll immediately return to your world.]
His blatant display of expectations toward me.
And…
[You’re lying to me, while looking me in the eyes.]
The disappointment that was as large as his expectations.
‘There was a lot….’
My thoughts, which had been steadily reviewing the situation, became hazy. Perhaps I was satisfied, in a way. 
I didn’t gain anything, but I didn’t lose anything either. 
At least, not today.
‘….Revealing that I’m Bjorn Jandel was part of the plan anyway.’
Originally, I was planning to subtly probe his intentions, reveal my identity, and then use our connection to demand Misha back. If that didn’t work, I was going to threaten him. 
If I mentioned that I was the one who lifted his ban, I could also imply that I could do it again.
Well, things didn’t go as planned, so I never got to say those words.
[Lift my ban quickly. Or I swear, you’ll die here.]
I thought that this threat, backed by the chaos I’d caused in the city and my desire to return here, would be effective enough to convince Baekho. 
‘….But why was Baekho so desperate to have his ban lifted?’
This question popped into my head, but I didn’t ponder it too deeply. I mean, how could I possibly know what that guy was thinking?
Perhaps he just missed hanging out with Koreans?
“….”
I closed my eyes and let my thoughts drift. 
‘What the hell did he expect from me in the first place?’
I couldn’t quite understand. 
He asked me to help him out on the 10th floor, but… even though I appreciate the high regard, is Bjorn Jandel really that impressive?
‘Well, his growth rate does make it understandable….’
But there’s something that doesn’t sit right with me. He realized that Bjorn Jandel was an Evil Spirit in Noomtree, didn’t he?
[By the way, are we just strangers from now on?]
Back then, he coldly brushed it off. He didn’t even attempt to get closer to me.
But…
‘Something’s definitely off….’
If he simply decided that ‘Bjorn Jandel’ wasn’t worth his time then, what changed now? 
His growth rate was even more ridiculous back then, and he had already gained fame, becoming a hero and even receiving a noble title.
[He treated me super well since we first met!]
Suddenly, a phrase Baekho uttered flashed in my mind.
‘From the start…?’
Yes, he was good to me from the very beginning. 
Why?
“It’s not because I’m Bjorn Jandel, but because I’m Lee Hansu.”
No, that’s wrong.
[I believe you. You are Korean.]
So, because I’m Korean?
Well, it’s ambiguous.
Perhaps it was just one of the conditions. 
He waited for over three years in the empty Korean channel, waiting for a Korean who might never come. 
He could have been waiting for a Korean, just because he was lonely…
‘….Would a guy who’s so dedicated to his goals waste his time like that, simply because he was lonely?’
No, I don’t think so. 
Hyeonbyeol, who is also a Korean, was rude to me compared to how she treated Baekho.
Then what could it be? 
What was the real reason why Baekho had to be nice to me from the start?
“This is insane.”
I shot up from the sofa, my eyes wide open. I glanced at the mirror on the wall and finally realized.
“Nickname.”
Yes, nickname.
I never realized that I was so famous in the community, and I just carelessly added a letter to my old nickname.
[Elfnunna]
There’s no other explanation other than that nickname. I didn’t realize it until now because Baekho never mentioned it once.
‘No, the fact that he never brought it up is already suspicious….’
Just look at the ‘Newbie Room’ where I went for the first time after using that nickname. 
[Elf Nunna?!]
[Damn, is that the one who wrote the stat guide?]
[Uh… isn’t she a game company employee?]
[So she really is Korean! I knew it!]
Everyone who saw me was ecstatic.
[I think she’s a fan.]
The GM didn’t get as excited, but she did mention my name with a friendly tone.
[Anyway, that nickname sense….]
Even Hyeonbyeol, who didn’t know anything about ‘Elf Nunna,’ frowned at my unique nickname.
Yet, Baekho didn’t react as you’d expect. 
He, the playful guy who seems like he’d love farts and dinosaurs more than anything in the world…
‘He didn’t say anything after seeing that nickname…?’
It’s not confirmed, but maybe…
Maybe, he was waiting for this moment. 
From that day until now.
He concealed his true intentions, with a smile on his face—
“Um…?”
As I continued my thoughts, I sensed a presence from the side.
“Oppa, what are you doing, looking at the mirror…?”
It was Hyeonbyeol.
***
‘I’ll think about the Baekho problem… when my head is clear….’
I haven’t been able to rest at all.
Should I just run away too?
“…You were thinking something bad, weren’t you?”
“…No, I wasn’t.”
Right, I’m a bit of a hypocrite for acting like a burden even though I’m the one who’s struggling.
“Hmm, that’s what it looks like… ”
“No, I’m telling you, I wasn’t. Anyway, why do you talk formally to me, but always talk informally to Baekho? You’re so rough with him.”
“What are you talking about? Don’t be ridiculous.”
Hyeonbyeol looked down at me with a look of pity, then sat down next to me on the sofa. 
One seat away from me, on the three-seater sofa.
“There are plenty of seats, why are you sitting so awkwardly?”
“Ah, there’s a line between Oppa and me. I can’t cross it.”
…Seems like she’s still upset because I asked her to move. 
Well, if she didn’t want to, she should have just said so.
“….”
“….”
Silence hung heavy in the air. 
Hyeonbyeol and I have always been like this. We were together, but not boisterous. The quiet silence felt more comfortable than being alone.
Well, I mean, it was like that when we were dating.
‘….This is so damn uncomfortable.’
Finally, I broke the silence.
“Hyeonbyeol.”
“Yes.”
“…Why aren’t you saying anything?”
I glanced at her, but instead of looking at me, she was staring at the fireplace.
She answered, without even looking at me.
“You look tired.”
“…Huh?”
“You look exactly like you do when you come home from work after getting chewed out by your boss.”
Well, you look more tired than that time, but anyway…
She glanced at me, adding that little remark.
“….Why? Do you want to be a nuisance by chattering beside me?”
“No.”
“Really? Then I’ll keep it to myself.”
“Keep what to yourself?”
“There are so many things I want to ask you, but I’m holding back. I don’t want to burden you.”
Oh….
Is that so?
I see…
“Thanks…?”
“….What are you talking about.”
I tried to thank her for being considerate, but she turned away abruptly.
…She’s embarrassed.
Damn, I wasn’t saying anything out of line.
Now I feel embarrassed too. 
“….Then I’ll rest a bit.”
“Yes.”
To be honest, I was utterly exhausted, so I decided to accept her consideration. 
To be honest, I was completely exhausted. 
I did use too much malicious aura, but this was the first time I was exposed to such a powerful malicious aura.
“….”
“….”
Peace was restored.
It felt like I had returned to Earth.
The only difference was the sound of crackling logs in the fireplace instead of the sound of Hyeonbyeol turning pages.
How long did that feeling last?
Crackle, crackle, crackle—
I slowly opened my eyes, listening to the sound of the fireplace.
“Are you awake?”
“Ah, uh…?”
I was startled.
You can actually sleep in the spiritual world? 
I feel a bit less tired now…
“How long has it been?”
“About an hour and a half.”
Whew, so I still have time until the Round Table.
“You look a bit better now.”
“Thanks to you.”
“Then let’s start.”
“Huh?”
Start what?
I didn’t need to ask.
“Oppa, what was that guy all about?”
She asked, as if she’d been waiting for this moment.
“That guy?”
“Baekho. That guy, Baekho. He’s really him, right?”
The way she phrased it was a bit off, but I understood what she meant. 
I was just surprised.
“Yeah.”
So, Hyeonbyeol knew about Baekho.
Hyeonbyeol nodded in agreement, with a “I knew it” expression.
“I knew it! He’s got that mischievous glint in his eyes.”
“Wait, but Hyeonbyeol, you knew who he was, right?”
“So what? Is that a problem? It doesn’t matter how strong he is in the outside world, it’s meaningless here.”
“Yeah, theoretically, that’s true… ”
It’s obvious she’s a newbie.
I’ll have to teach her a few things before she makes a mistake out there. 
“But it’s not always like that. There are techniques you can only use here.”
I then explained the concept of malicious aura to Hyeonbyeol.
“So, you’re saying that their souls are linked. The intangible aura is amplified and transmitted to the other person. I get that, but…”
Hyeonbyeol, always a fast learner, seemed to understand the theory, but still couldn’t grasp the real concept.
“I still don’t get it. So, it’s like, the feeling of imminent death? You’re saying that could cause problems in reality?”
Hyeonbyeol’s point was valid. 
The fox, a member of the Round Table, also had a malicious aura, but it only served to pressure the opponent slightly. 
“Ugh, I can’t explain it in words. You have to experience it yourself.”
“Is it just that you lack the skills to describe it?”
What the hell, I’ve read countless novels.
But I still can’t explain this as well as her.
“Ah, it’s better to experience it directly.”
I would never have suggested this if it wasn’t for Hyeonbyeol. 
My spiritual energy was close to being depleted, and it had only recovered a small amount. 
I really want to push it off until later and take a rest.
But…
‘But it’s Hyeonbyeol.’
Well, I can handle this much.
“So, we doing it?”
“Wait a minute! I need to think it—”
Why bother thinking? 
I’m much faster and more accurate. 
I activated my malicious aura, hoping to prevent Hyeonbyeol from making mistakes outside.
“….Ugh!”
The change was instant.
“It’s, it’s… so… ”
Hyeonbyeol contorted her face in pain, just like everyone else except for Baekho.
‘I thought Baekho was okay.’
Right, luckily the malicious aura is—
“Stop… it… Oppa…!”
Ah…
I just wanted to show her a taste.
“….”
Well, this is a disaster.
***
Was the experience of malicious aura so shocking for her? 
‘I didn’t even use much….’
Hyeonbyeol complained of extreme fatigue, even though it was just a taste of it.
“But… I understand now…. I understand why there can be after-effects in reality.”
“Oh, that’s great— ”
“But I’m going to be mad next time. Don’t do stuff like this without asking me, okay?”
“Understood.”
“….Oppa, are you mad at me?”
“No? Why?”
“Ugh….”
What the hell is wrong with this woman?
Hyeonbyeol muttered that she needed to rest because she had a headache, and then quickly asked a few questions.
The first was this:
“Oppa, do you know about Bjorn Jandel?”
I felt a chill down my spine.
What is this? Is she trying to get information about me like Baekho did?
Luckily, it wasn’t the case. 
“…I know him.”
“Really? Then do you also know if he’s actually an Evil Spirit?”
“Uh, well… I haven’t met him… so I don’t know.”
“Hmm, really?”
Hyeonbyeol looked disappointed, so I cautiously asked. 
“But… why Bjorn Jandel?”
“Ah, it’s for work. I need to know for sure whether he’s an Evil Spirit or not so I can plan for the future.”
The future…
I feel a bit uneasy.
I think she’s more of an office worker than an explorer.
[My next goal, after being financially free, is to gain power.]
She wants to find a way back using power.
I thought that was just a typical Hyeonbyeol solution.
But…
[I’ve recently gotten close to someone important.]
I wonder who this ‘important person’ is.
If it’s the Duke…
“Hyeonbyeol.”
“…Yes?”
“Who do you work for?”
Hyeonbyeol frowned at my serious question.
“Oppa, I thought we agreed to draw a line between us—”
“Things have changed since then.”
“….Yes?”
“I might accidentally kill you.”
“….”
“So, tell me. Who is it?”
I asked again, in a low voice, and Hyeonbyeol stared straight at me.
Then…
“The Countess Peprock.”
She said, sighing.
It was a name I hadn’t expected at all. 
It’s good that it wasn’t the Duke, or a Duke’s family, but… 
“…Countess Peprock?”
I never thought I’d hear that name here.
“Yes. I happened to meet her, and now I work under her.”
Her full name is Ragna Litanyel Peprock.
The librarian and mage who I often visited. One of the members of the ‘Friend Group’ that I regularly participated in during my newbie days when 7th Grade Administrator Shavin Emur’s information was precious. 
“So, are you satisfied now?”
“Yeah.”
I had so many questions, but I felt it was a bit awkward to pry further. 
I just nodded.
Yes, she’s not affiliated with the Duke’s family.
At least right now, there’s no reason for Hyeonbyeol and me to be enemies.
I’m satisfied with that for now—
“Oppa, by the way.”
Hyeonbyeol said, placing a hand on the middle seat of the sofa.
“This time…?”
“….Huh?”
“You crossed the line again, didn’t you?”
Hyeonbyeol got up, pushing her hand off the sofa.
“See you next month. I’m too tired today.”
After those words, she left the chat room. I no longer had a reason to stay, so I logged out. 
And…
[03: 07]
I collapsed onto my bed and took a quick break. Soon, the time came.
“Whew….”
I really want to just log out and go to sleep.
But…
Flash!
Right, I can’t miss this, no matter how tired I am.
]]]