## Giant Step (2)
The green light that had flickered for a brief moment had long since faded, leaving a heavy silence in its wake.
"..."
"..."
A reaction like that of students scolded by a terrifying teacher. 
Seeing these grown adults act like that should have elicited a pang of sympathy, but for some reason, it only made me more irritated.
"I should have just stayed home and slept."
They’re all so engrossed.
How could they have been so lax in gathering information?
I didn't come here, dragging my weary body, just to hear this kind of stuff.
"Ugh, I'm so sleepy, I'm going to die…"
Maybe I’m just sensitive because of fatigue. 
No, that must be it.
If I was in my right mind, I wouldn't be this irritated, and even if I was, I wouldn't be this emotionally reactive. 
Tap tap.
My worries grow.
Should I just end this now before I waste any more time?
Well, it would be a little disappointing to do that…
Tap.
Finally ending my contemplation, I slowly opened my mouth.
"Once more."
Yes, let's just go around one more time.
You never know what might come up.
"I'll give you another chance."
As I said this, I glanced around, and the members who made eye contact flinched and began to watch each other.
It was quite a satisfying sight.
After all, if this kind of atmosphere forms, the members are more likely to reveal information they’ve been holding onto…
"Thankfully, no one is objecting."
My turn was skipped naturally.
A single remark of "Everything was garbage" was enough to get me through the entire round.
"Honestly, just thinking about it makes the irritation fade a bit."
With that thought in mind, I waited patiently.
Among the members who had been glancing around and watching each other, one of them stepped up first.
“…Then let’s go in reverse order this time. Pipsit.”
The jester, staring at me even in this situation, letting out his characteristic chuckle.
But I was still somewhat hopeful.
There was a sense of determination in his voice. 
He volunteered to be the first, so he must have some confidence.
“However, before we begin…”
The jester glanced around the group and spoke.
“I hope no one is planning on taking this lightly.”
At first, I thought he was targeting me with his words, but I soon realized that wasn't the case.
The jester was warning everyone.
I'm going to reveal something I’m holding back, so you should do the same.
"…"
Sadly, no member responded to his warning.
Did he take that silence as an affirmative?
The jester placed his hand on the jewel.
And…
“Noirch is currently planning a city invasion.”
The green light illuminated instantly.
"…! ”
The members’ pupils, hidden behind their masks, widened.
I was too exhausted to react, but I wasn’t far from being as surprised.
After all…
"City… invasion?"
Not an invasion within the maze, but a city invasion.
Doesn’t that mean the ones who went outside are planning to invade Laphdonia?
“…Why?”
The fox, without hiding her startled voice, asked the jester.
“You said everything outside was fine, right? Why would Noirch need to go that far?”
It was a valid question, and it was something I’d been thinking as well.
It’s one thing to go outside even after everything was fine, and then come back into the maze to build up their strength.
But to invade the city now?
“…Is the situation outside that bad? Or is there some reason why they absolutely need to topple the royal family?”
I had many questions, but the jester withheld answers to them.
“Well… I’ve had my turn, haven’t I? Pipsit.”
Yes, that’s enough for a single turn.
The jester glanced at me before settling back into his chair, as if he’d had his turn.
Then it was the queen’s turn.
“…”
The queen remained silent, lips closed, for a moment after it became her turn.
She seemed to be contemplating something.
The jester, sensing this, quickly jumped in with a playful taunt.
“What are you thinking about? You wouldn’t be planning to just gloss over this again, would you?”
“…I was just thinking for a moment.”
The queen replied gruffly, immediately placing her hand on the jewel.
The jester’s comment had given her the push she needed.
‘Nice assist.’
I mentally rewarded the jester with a “good job” sticker and waited.
Soon, the queen’s lips parted.
"It’s one piece of information that we were only able to confirm recently."
But what in the world is she trying to say with such a long—
"The master of the round table is Auril Gaviss."
…What?
***
The master of the round table.
The one who brought together promising players and formed a secret meeting.
Honestly, I’d had my suspicions.
Could that old man I’d seen once have been Auril Gaviss?
My suspicions began in the past era.
[To add the rule you mentioned, we’ll have to inject more authority.]
I’d built a system similar to the round table in the 22-year era, alongside that old man.
Of course, it was only suspicious at that point. There was a strong possibility of it just being a coincidence. It wasn't something that required a unique idea. It’s a thought anyone could have.
What was truly coincidental was something else.
‘They're doing the same things.’
Auril Gaviss created this spiritual world and gathered promising players, subtly guiding them to grow.
Just like the master of the round table did here.
"Wh, what are you saying? Th, that he’s… Auril Gaviss?"
The fox, who’d always seemed to be particularly loyal to the master, mumbled in disbelief.
But the queen’s words didn’t waver.
“Exactly what I said.”
“So, he’s the one who brought us to this world…?”
“As far as we’ve been able to confirm, yes.”
The fox, who knew that the GM was behind the queen, couldn’t even retort with a denial and shut her mouth.
Shooosh.
The green light went out as soon as the queen removed her hand from the jewel and glanced at the jester.
She seemed to be asking, “Well, what do you think about that?”
I found it a bit amusing.
It seemed her pride had been wounded when the jester’s information trumped hers…
‘These two, they’re a great pair.’
Okay, from now on, I’m going to keep provoking them whenever I get the chance.
‘The master of the round table is Auril Gaviss…’
I’d suspected it, but it was still a little shocking.
But I decided to think about that old man later.
I’m too tired to process all of this right now.
‘For now, I just need to get the input right so I don’t forget it…’
While I set a new goal for myself, the situation moved on, and attention shifted to the next member.
"Fox, it’s your turn now."
The third turn had arrived.
Was it because the two previous pieces of information were so shocking?
My head was foggy, but my concentration was better than before.
‘Right, this is what the round table is all about.’
I guess you need to stir people up when they get complacent?
I just had to poke them a little and they spit out good information.
Ah, but the fox shouldn’t be spilling all the expedition team’s information…
‘…There must be something else.’
I watched the fox with a mix of worry and anticipation, and then she revealed her information. It was about the major clan boycott, which she’d mentioned before. No one seemed to know about it, and the jewel glowed green.
But…
“Fox, are you playing with us?”
“ …I don’t think I can keep participating in this meeting if this keeps up.”
The jester and the queen, who’d been bickering before, joined forces to object, and ultimately the fox had to try again.
It was a truly regrettable situation.
“Ilya Ardners, the guild master of the Explorer’s Guild, wants the royal family’s expedition to fail, and she sent a spy.”
If it wasn’t for this situation, there’d be no chance for any information about the expedition to be shared.
Tsk… is this karma?
‘Well, it’s not like this information matters too much anyway.’
I decided to think positively.
After all, it’s not guaranteed that the guild master is on our side.
And if we reveal this information, other members might investigate and discover new information.
‘Hmm… maybe she mentioned this on purpose with that in mind.’
I pushed aside my reluctance and focused on observing the members’ expressions.
The jester looked like he was thinking, “Guild Master?”
The queen looked clueless.
The goblin glanced at the fox with concern…
"Ardners… a spy?"
The deer, who seemed to be affiliated with the royal family, had a slightly more emotional reaction.
Right, you guys probably didn’t know about this.
“Well, the jewel lit up green, but…”
The crescent moon, who’d remained quiet throughout the second round, cautiously spoke.
He seemed to be asking if anyone had any objections.
But…
“Pipsit, well, it’s still quite lacking, but…”
“The previous information was also something no one else knew.”
The fox’s turn ended with the feeling that she’d barely passed the minimum cut using two pieces of information.
Now the goblin was the problem, wasn’t he?
" …Th, this is my turn."
Please, don’t say anything strange.
“What’s with the tension? Pipsit. No one here expects anything from you.”
"Well, I think that’s just your opinion, jester."
"Pipsit, you’re different, aren’t you, Queen?"
“…Even winter squirrels, if you look closely, have at least one acorn hidden in their cheeks.”
An unclear murmur, a compliment or a criticism.
The goblin, uncertain, responded with a strange voice.
“Uh… Thank you…?”
He decided to accept it as a compliment, for now.
"Pipsit, this guy, is he clueless, or is he just gutless? Anyway, hurry up and get it over with."
"Yes… A… a prophecy… a prophecy came to me—"
“…Another prophecy? What’s the Goddess of the Rheatlace religion always going on about?”
“Th, this isn’t from our church, it’s from the Thobera church!”
“Hmm? The Thobera church?”
“Yes! The Thobera church. You might not know, but it’s famous for not giving prophecies—”
“Enough chatter. Just spit out the prophecy already."
At the jester’s urging, the goblin sighed and got straight to the point.
"The Eternal Sage has returned."
A one-liner, so short.
The jewel glowed green, but the reaction wasn’t good.
“…Is that it?”
"Yes… that was all.”
The jester laughed in disbelief, and the queen asked a follow-up question.
“Was there any commentary or interpretation from the cardinals or high priests? That would be helpful for judging the value of the information.”
“…No. Actually… I was only able to hear the prophecy itself…”
The goblin’s voice betrayed his bewilderment.
It seemed he hadn’t anticipated this situation.
Well, this round is a bit unusual.
Normally, any prophecy, regardless of its content, would be accepted without question.
‘…Maybe I should help him out.’
If I let him be, I don’t know what kind of information he’ll reveal.
With that decision in mind, I interrupted the jester and joined the conversation.
“Pipsit. Everyone seems to think it’s a bit lacking. Maybe we should try again with something else—”
“The Eternal Sage… ”
“…………Yes?”
A trick only I could pull in this gathering.
I call it…
“Right, he’s back, is he…”
The Lion’s Flow.
Fifth Style, Enjoyment Judgment.
“Interesting.”
I said it, what are you going to do about it?
"…! ”
[Dungeon & Stone] is ultimately a team game.
]]]