## The Giant Step (3)
A tense silence descended upon the round table. 
The value of the information the Goblin had provided had long ceased to be in question. Everyone was lost in thought. It was a side effect of the Fun Judgment.
“The Wise One of Eternal Life… who could that be?”
“I don’t know either.”
“Honestly, Aulril Gaviss was the first person who came to mind, but I’m not sure.”
“If you leave it like this, they’ll diligently investigate.”
“Indeed. I’ll look into it immediately after leaving.”
“If you find any clues, let me know. I'll pay you a suitable price.”
“It's no problem. But you must promise to do the same if I find something.”
“I promise.”
“Good. Make sure you do it well. I'm expecting a lot from both of you.”
“I wonder if the Goblin issue is resolved now.”
“Seems like it.”
The Joker’s eyes were twinkling with amusement.
“Oh my, you never know what will happen. Who would have thought that the Goblin would hit the jackpot!”
The Goblin seemed embarrassed by the Joker’s praise and awkwardly nodded.
“Ah… yes… I, I understand. Really… Haha…”
He looked like he still couldn’t believe the situation.
“My turn now.”
As the commotion gradually subsided, it was the Stag’s turn. I was prepared to maintain a poker face, regardless of what I heard, but this time, it was a little difficult.
“Countess Ragna Peprock is Duke Terselion’s illegitimate daughter.”
I heard it once from Hyunbyeol, and now again. That name. Twice today. 
The jewel soon glowed green, and no one objected.
“No wonder the Duke kept pushing her in the political arena. It all makes sense now.”
The Crescent Moon added a remark, and the Queen showed her own reaction.
“This is getting interesting…”
She muttered almost to herself.
“Is it that important that she’s illegitimate?”
The Goblin cautiously intervened, and the Queen chuckled as she replied.
“Well, it's a politically useful weapon. Against the prime minister, who is essentially the second most powerful person in the country.”
“Ah, yes… I see…”
I suspected the Queen had another reason for finding this amusing, but I couldn't directly pry. Instead, I focused on a different aspect.
“Ragna was the Duke’s daughter… No wonder she always looked so wealthy.”
Honestly, emotionally, this was more shocking than the information the Joker and the Queen had revealed. 
It was shocking not only for Ragna, but also for Hyunbyeol, who was involved in this situation. 
“Ugh… this is going to be a bigger headache.”
I would have to investigate this further, but right now, I could only pray.
I prayed that Ragna wasn't in a strong alliance with the Duke.
“In the worst-case scenario, I’ll have to find a way to get Hyunbyeol out of this.”
Anyway, the Stag’s turn ended, and naturally, all eyes turned to the Crescent Moon.
Hmm, what will he tell us?
He’s definitely going to talk about the Elves—
“Creation Artifact.”
Huh?
“The Dwarves have discovered a way to create new Creation Artifacts, and they’ve made some progress.”
Really?
“What? Is that true? You mean, create them from scratch?”
The Queen leaped from her seat.
Her reaction revealed something.
“They're desperate to go back to their world, aren’t they?”
On the other hand, the Joker seemed indifferent.
He looked surprised, but it was like he shrugged it off? 
“Does he not want to go back at all?”
Maybe he’s actually enjoying being a toy collector. 
“So, what's the method?”
“I've given you the clue. The rest is up to you.”
“Wait. This information is too vague to leave it like that. You haven't even confirmed it, right? You said it was just progress.”
The Crescent Moon yielded to the Queen’s strong argument and revealed more information.
“Countless shards of Rupture Stone.”
“Huh?”
“And even more blood.”
“The Dwarves believe they can create new Creation Artifacts if these two conditions are met.”
“Wow. He’s basically a mad scientist.”
Whether this method will actually work is another matter, but the idea itself is quite impressive.
“Create… creation artifacts.”
Is it really possible?
Those artifacts are supposed to have existed since the world was created!
“I’ll think about this later.”
I quickly shook off my thoughts.
Sure, the members were still affected by the Crescent Moon's information, but it wouldn't last forever.
Indeed, their gazes soon gathered. 
“…”
“…”
Unlike before, there were hardly any anxious looks.
The Fun Judgment I had given during the Goblin’s turn seemed to have had a significant impact...
“Now, what should I do...”
I didn't have much time to ponder.
Naturally, if you want to catch a fish, you have to go to the water.
So, I said—
“The one who used the nickname ‘Elfnuna’ at Stone Heaven.”
Let’s throw out some bait.
“That person is already in this world.”
I'm curious now.
What secrets are hidden behind this nickname I chose without thinking, that Baekho and GM are making such a fuss about?