## The Giant Step (5)
The morning after I'd fallen asleep drunk. I stretched out my hand from under the covers and grabbed the canteen on the nightstand.  I gulped it down, but it tasted oddly sweet. It was as if someone had mixed honey into it.
“Ugh, at least drinking it keeps me alive.”
I snuggled back into the covers and rolled around for a moment before finally getting out of bed. The first thing I saw was a neatly folded letter on the nightstand.
[I have to go to the Sanctuary, so I’m leaving first. Don’t worry too much.  The withdrawal issue seems to be resolving surprisingly well. Oh, and… if you’re having a hard time, be sure to tell me! Got it?]
[PS. …I heard they deliberately left the first unit position vacant.  Thank you, truly.]
[PS2. Oh, and was it today? Take care and come back safe!]
[Your First Comrade, Erwen.]
Ah, so Erwen went to the Sanctuary again. If she had returned early yesterday, we would have had time to talk.  Sigh, why did I drink so much?
“…….”
I sat quietly, trying to get rid of the smell of alcohol, and retraced my memories from after parting ways with the Bear Uncle. I remembered coming home and being greeted by Erwen and Amelia.
‘And I think I was helped up to the second floor...’
Maybe it was because I was still tired, on top of all the alcohol?  I definitely remember having a conversation while going up, but I can't recall what it was about at all. 
Well, at least I didn't do anything stupid. I would definitely remember if I had. 
“You’re awake, I see.”
“Ah, just now.”
“Get up and wash your face. We’re going to the Imperial Palace today.”
“……Alright.”
“Ah, I’m going out now, so take care of today’s affairs yourself.”
“Alright.”
After I heard Amelia’s footsteps descend the stairs, I went to the bathroom to wash up and get ready to go out. I had to pay attention to my attire for today’s quest.
“…Tsk, I knew it.”
I put on a suit, and before I even realized she was there, Amelia smoothly came up to me and helped me with my clothes. I found it a little curious. 
“Why are you so good at this?”
“…Who do you think picked out the clothes you’re wearing?”
“Ah… you bought them, didn’t you.”
She must have learned everything, from buying the clothes to how to dress in them.  Amelia is surprisingly good at meticulous work.
“You’re all set, so get going. It seems the carriage arrived a while ago.”
“I should be going then. See you this evening.”
“…Be careful.”
Leaving with Amelia's farewell, I boarded the carriage waiting in front of the house and headed to the military teleportation platform. I then used the teleportation magic circle to immediately arrive at the Imperial Palace.
‘It’s so convenient every time, even if it does make me a little nauseous.’
In any case, there was a carriage waiting in front of the platform as well. I got in, and soon after, I was able to reach my destination.
‘It’s not even that exciting anymore.’
The Palace of Glory, a place I’d visited consistently for years. A small ceremony was being held here today, and my quest for today was directly related to it.
“I am Mia Arvelto, the first-class butler. I sincerely welcome Baron Yandel to the Palace.”
Following the guide, I entered the building, and a massive hall unfolded before me. It was the very place where I had reported the Expedition Team's survival.
“This is a first, seeing it empty.”
“The ceremony still has some time. The heads of the houses will arrive soon.”
As if it’s going to make much difference. Even if they’re all here, it’ll only fill up the front rows.
“…This way, please.”
After passing through the Palace of Glory, I went to a room and learned about the procedures for today’s ceremony from the butler. 
How much time had passed?
Knock, knock.
The door opened with a knock.  A stranger, an old man, appeared.  The guide who had been educating me seemed to know the old man, as he stopped what he was doing and looked surprised.
“…Greetings, Duke.”
“I would like to have a word with the guest of honor for a moment. If you’re not busy, would you mind stepping aside for a moment?”
“…I’ll wait outside.”
The guide bowed deeply as if in deference to someone of a higher position, then left the room.  Only then did my formal meeting with the old man begin.
“Good to meet you. Duke Kealunners.”
Ah, so it’s that Duke.
“I am Bjorn, son of Yandel.”
I also formally stated my name. But what’s with this?
“Wrong.”
What the heck is this old man?
“……?”
When I furrowed my brow, the old man burst into hearty laughter.
“Bjorn Yandel. Not the son of Yandel. Aren’t you now officially a member of the Inner Castle?”
I wondered if he was coming to pick a fight, but his voice didn't hold any strong animosity.  So, I’d hold off on confronting him for now. I listened carefully to his next words, hoping to make an accurate judgment.
“Your flippant speech is something the late King officially tolerated, so I can’t say anything, but you need to get your identity straight.”
“…….”
“Remember, you are not Bjorn, the son of someone. You are not a simple Barbarian, either. You are Bjorn Yandel, Baron of Lapdonia.”
“…….”
“Ah, should I say Baron now? Anyway, this is a bit messy.”
The Duke laughed heartily and patted my shoulder. I felt a little sad.  Sigh, being short means even old men like this can pat my shoulder.
“Thank you for the advice.  But I don't think you're just here for a simple greeting… ”
I couldn't crush the Duke of the Kingdom just because I was upset, so I quickly got to the point.  Was I just too unfamiliar with this situation?
“………What? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!”
“…….”
“K-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-h-hem. Don’t misunderstand. It’s not that I’m ignoring you, it’s just this situation is strange.”
I understand.  Nobles usually like introductions, don’t they? I haven’t had many experiences where I’ve gotten to the main point right after exchanging greetings.
“Anyway… to answer your question, you’re right. I wouldn’t need to come here just for a greeting.  I came to ask you a few questions.”
Oh, here we go again.  Why can't you just say, “I have a question”? Like I did.
“What is it?”
“…….”
“………Are you hard of hearing?”
When I asked cautiously, the Duke, who seemed stunned for a moment, came to his senses.
“My apologies. I was lost in thought for a moment. No, it’s not that I was lost in thought. To be honest, I didn’t realize you were finished talking.”
“Ah, I see. So, what’s the question?”
When I asked again, the Duke finally began to reveal his purpose for coming.  It seems he’s already learned how to talk to me.
“I’ll keep it short.  You are not the kind of person who yearns for the life of a noble, are you? But why did you choose ‘elevation’ as your reward for this Expedition?”
Not short at all, but at least it’s a question that gets to the point.
[······The Royal Family offered Bjorn Yandel elevation as a reward for this Expedition.]
The Stagshorn had revealed this information at the Round Table, but the Royal Family hadn’t just offered ‘elevation’.
A large sum of money enough to build a mansion on bare land.
Two third-grade Essences.
And double numbers.
The Veterans Administration had given me a total of four options, and after much deliberation, I chose ‘elevation’.
The reason is simple.
I could have obtained the first three with my own efforts, and…  I’d be much more helpful in this position, anyway. 
For my own survival.
“I want to hear your honest answer. What is your reason for wanting elevation?”
What a funny old man.  Honest?  How long have we even known each other?
I chuckled and answered to his urgent question, as if he was asking the obvious.
“Well, wouldn’t it be nice to have many wives?”
I deliberately spoke in an upbeat tone, but the Duke just froze, as if he’d heard something unspeakable. 
“Wives…?”
Is this guy really hard of hearing?
“Yes, wives. Can’t Barons take on three main wives?”
When I casually repeated it, the Duke’s eyes took on a meaningful look.
‘Does this guy really mean it?’
That’s the look he had. But he couldn’t refute it, because he wasn’t sure I was being serious.
Burp-
Isn’t he the one who’s wrong?
***
“Ah, sorry. I ate too much for breakfast.”
Being a noble who’d probably grown up properly, I quickly apologized for burping in his face, but the Duke didn't even flinch. He just muttered in understanding.
“I’ve heard… you like women.”
To be precise, female comrades. I shared a room with them, so there were an unusual number of rumors and gossip about me in the city.
Anyway.
“So, did you get your answer?”
“Half of it, at least. There’s one more thing I’d like to ask.”
“Go ahead.”
Did he perhaps like the Barbarian way of speaking? The Duke asked me straight up, with no beating around the bush. 
“Are you a man of the Marquis?”
It was short, even for a short question. I like that kind of straightforwardness, but it seemed like an important question, so I started with some verification.
“Marquis… Are you talking about the Prime Minister?”
“That’s right.  You were missing for a long time, and you’ve spent a lot of time working with the Marquis.”
“…Right?”
It was a slightly ambiguous question. Bjorn Yandel, who was thought to be dead, had actually been carrying out various special missions under the Marquis’s command for two years and six months.  The announcement of the Evil Spirit was also part of those missions.
At least, that's how it’s being reported publicly. 
But…
‘I didn't know the Duke didn't know the truth either… ’
An indescribable sense of unease washed over me.
“I’ve read all the mission documents. You did a lot of work. Accurate data. At first, I thought there might be a deal of some kind, but the missions themselves seem to have been real… ”
Even the documents were already prepared?  With a level of completion that even the Duke would fall for?
‘At the Welcome Ceremony, they told me to wait two more months, because they hadn’t finished it yet… ’
Is this kind of thing possible for someone as high up as the Prime Minister of a country?
I had a new question in mind, but I concentrated on the conversation with the Duke. I needed to answer this part clearly first.
“I’m not someone under the Marquis.”
“…Then could you tell me what kind of relationship you have?”
“A kind of friend. We help each other out when we’re in a difficult situation.”
Perhaps it was the answer he had been hoping for, as the Duke’s expression softened slightly.
“Friend…  You use interesting words. You’re smarter than I thought.  You’ve got a good feel, too.”
Muttering that, the Duke asked me again.
“In any case, your answer… can I take it as meaning that you can be friends with me, too?”
He already stretched out his hand, as if he wasn’t even considering a refusal.  I rubbed my thighs, then shook his hand.
“Of course, the more friends, the better.”
Well, true friends don’t really shake hands.
***
Duke Kealunners.
He’s actually ranked third in the Palace power structure, after the Prime Minister. He hasn’t taken over a position of power like the Prime Minister, but his family’s influence is so vast.
He sponsors dozens of clans, and some of them include major and large clans.
One of his children is even a Master of the Magic Tower.
‘Being friends with that kind of Duke… ’
It was an unexpected situation, but there was no harm in it. It wasn’t like we were actually becoming real friends anyway.
The Duke was just trying to prevent me from becoming the Marquis’s man by suggesting a friendly relationship. I can just keep this going as a give-and-take relationship, too.
At least until I no longer need this kind of relationship.
“It’s about time for me to go.  I’ll see you later.”
“Right.”
After that, the Duke chatted with me until right before the ceremony began and then left. It was mostly small talk to build rapport, but there were also some meaningful topics.
He mentioned how it’s likely that the Expedition Team’s survival was due to the Rose Knights and the forces of Noirque colliding, as they were ‘on standby for a different mission’.
‘I’m not sure if he was testing me or not... ’
I can’t read the Duke’s mind, but one thing is for sure.
At least the Royal Family’s intelligence agency is interpreting the situation as I intended.
‘Marquis, what about that bastard…? ’
I’m actually most curious about this part. I haven’t seen the Marquis even once since the Welcome Ceremony.  Today will be our first reunion since then.
“Baron Yandel.”
So, here we go.
I stood in front of the door as I was instructed by the guide and waited for a moment. Then, as soon as the door opened, I walked forward slowly.
Thump, thump.
The Hall of Glory, which had been completely empty just two hours ago, was now filled with a fair number of people.
Hmm, about two rows in front.
Thump, thump.
It’s different from the last Welcome Ceremony. Not all the seats in the Palace are filled, and there’s no grand music, no soldiers following behind.
In terms of scale, it’s not even comparable to before.
But...
Thump, thump.
Calling it ‘small’ wouldn’t be accurate either.
Every single person in the hall is a titled noble.
“It feels like it’s been ages since everyone got together like this.”
“I was surprised to receive the summons to attend. Bjorn Yandel, a Baron, who would have thought?”
“Ha-ha, actually this is the first time I’ve received a summons to attend a ceremony.”
“I suppose it’s been a while since you inherited your title?”
“Well, it’s a bit strange to say it’s been a while…  Yes, an elevation ceremony isn’t something you see every day.”
The nobles whispered amongst themselves as I walked across the carpet.
‘Elevation Ceremony’, a rare event. Some were genuinely happy for this event, but some were the opposite.
“…A barbarian like that.”
Those who despise me.
“He’s simply riding the wave of the times.”
Those who are jealous.
And…
“I wish it were over already.”
Those who were obligated to attend due to Lapdonia’s traditions, but who had no interest in me and just wanted to go home and rest.
Thump, thump.
Passing through those people, I finally arrived in front of the empty throne. The Marquis was standing there again.
Hmm, so I’ll finally get to see the King’s face this time.
“It’s been a while.”
The Marquis greeted me in a voice barely audible, then, before I could respond, raised his voice and delivered a long speech. He then offered me an empty box. 
“Seal your family’s crest.”
This was a ritual that only took place when a Baronet was elevated to a Baron.
It’s a world of difference between a Baronet and a Baron.
A historic moment, as one more family was added to the one thousand noble families that have been supporting the Royal Family for generations.
Swish.
I neatly folded the cloth I had prepared and placed it inside the box.  The moment I sealed the box, a majestic voice echoed throughout the hall.
“Thus, the eternal pact is forged.”
The Marquis sealed the box himself, then handed it to a Royal Guard standing by. The guard received it and swiftly exited the Palace of Glory.
Perhaps it will be kept in the Palace of Eternity, under strict control.
Until this kingdom is destroyed by fire, or until I commit treason.
“Rise, Baron Bjorn Yandel.”
I rose.
“May you all welcome with joy the arrival of a new pillar to support the Royal Family!”
I received quiet applause, without any cheers, whistles, or the sounds of soldiers following behind.
And…
“Well, this concludes the elevation ceremony!”
The banquet began.
‘Okay, so I’ve taken a big step forward.’
It was time to move on to the next stage.