## The Party (2)
His gaze, sharp as a blade, pierced the man. It was as if he could tear his throat out with his bare hands. Though they were not connected through the community of minds, but in the real world, it was enough.
His eyes, which had been boldly looking back, finally lowered.
“….”
Yes, that’s right.
How many times have you, born into a noble family, experienced such a situation?
“….”
Silence hung heavy in the air, his response never coming.
The nobles who were obsessed with scandal were watching from afar.
He considered me lowborn and insignificant, but if I were a fairy, a dwarf, or a beastkin, someone would have stepped in to help me.
‘Barbarians are really OP, I tell you.’
If I were a fairy, a dwarf, or a beastkin, someone would have stepped in to help me. Someone would have spoken up, criticizing my rudeness. They would have at least thought we could communicate.
What about a barbarian, then, for whom there is no precedent?
The answer lay in this quiet.
“….”
No statistics available, so no one dares to act. They are wary of getting caught in the crossfire.
“…Should we just leave him be?”
Some expressed their concern, but upon meeting my eyes, they looked away.
Logically, even with me looking at him, no one would resort to violence in front of so many nobles.
But still, no one was certain.
Whether common sense would prevail against a barbarian who would challenge another to a duel for a little insult.
“I’m starting to get impatient.”
I stepped forward, mirroring his retreat.
“Are you afraid to fight?”
The nobles who had been chatting with the man moments ago retreated discreetly. Perhaps they finally realized that he had no choice but to handle this situation himself.
The man finally decided.
“…Set the date.”
It wasn’t a decision born from confidence in victory. He had no other option.
Refuse a duel with a lowborn, different species, in front of everyone? In this industry where face is everything, that’s tantamount to a death sentence.
“So you’re not even going to fight yourself?”
“…There are different knives for different beasts.”
A clever reply, but it merely meant he would choose a representative for the duel, not wanting to fight directly.
“Fine by me, but make sure you have several ready.”
“…Several?”
What, you don’t understand? Did you think it would be a one-and-done deal?
“Oh, didn’t you know? I’m going to keep challenging you to duels, from this day forward. Until my honor, which you so shamelessly defiled, is restored.”
A mad dog doesn’t let go once it bites.
“…What?”
You should have thought before you spoke.
Or had a powerful patron.
Then you would have bitten someone else.
“You… are you really serious……?”
He was basically asking if I really needed to go this far. From his perspective, this was probably like a bolt out of the blue.
“You’re speaking nonsense. Serious about what?”
I spoke loudly, for all to hear.
“Do I look like the kind of person who’d care about that?”
If you want to avoid getting bitten, be careful from now on.
***
The duel was established.
Now all that was left was setting the date.
“This week suits me just fine.”
“….”
“What, do you need more time to find someone?”
“No, that’s enough time.”
Perhaps he was finally adapting to this abnormal situation. The Baron was no longer stammering like a fool.
He must have figured something out.
‘Maybe he thinks this is a good opportunity?’
A barbarian, audacious enough to act so crudely, without a single thought for his own station. And then, I, the noble, gracefully accept his challenge and emerge victorious, preserving the dignity of my kind.
A pretty future, isn’t it?
It’s unlikely to happen, though.
‘At best, he’ll just hire a knight with a bit of clout.’
I can’t gauge for sure what level of knight he will choose to represent him.
But I’m confident nonetheless.
The Royal Knights’ Captain wouldn’t be his representative. He wouldn’t be at that level.  If it’s not that level, I can beat them all.
But…
“Let’s call it a day.”
A voice intervened, unfortunately.
‘Duke Kearlunus.’
He walked towards me through the parting crowd, like Moses parting the Red Sea. He then gave me a gentle pat on the shoulder.
Like a father soothing a sulky child.
“Now, isn’t this a wonderful day?”
“….”
“Let’s just end it here, your grace. We are all pillars upholding this kingdom, are we not?”
The Duke’s political intentions were clear as day.
No one else dared to intervene. And then, he steps in, and the wild barbarian calms down and backs down? That’s only going to increase Duke Kearlunus’s standing in the noble circles.
But…
‘Let’s be friends?’
You can’t just take and take, expecting no return, that’s not how friendship works.
If you want something from me, you need to give something in return.
“Baron Kipriot insulted me.”
I directly challenged him, and the Duke’s smile disappeared.
Regardless, I continued.
“He called me a mongrel, a beast.”
Actually, it was one of his friends who said that, but whatever.
“He also belittled Baron Lilivia, who was talking to me, saying she was a whore because she’s a beastkin. When I protested, he scoffed at me, asking if I had any honor to be offended.”
He also mocked me for writing, but that’s too embarrassing to bring up.
“So, that’s what Baron Kipriot did. On this wonderful day, as you said.”
After announcing the reason for my challenge in front of everyone, I asked again.
“Do I have any reason to tolerate this?”
The Duke’s gaze shifted to the Baron. He seemed to be aware of the situation, but not the details.
“Tsk.”
After a brief click of his tongue directed at the Baron, the Duke turned back to me. He seemed to regret intervening, but now that he had, there were only two options for him.
To gracefully step out, leaving the situation unresolved, or…
“It seems Baron Kipriot made a mistake.”
To concede something to me.
The Duke’s decision was swift and bold.
“I will promise on my name. There will be no such mistakes again. Not today, not ever.”
A promise made on the name of Duke Kearlunus.
“Isn’t that right, Baron Kipriot?”
The Baron, unable to avoid the question, quickly stammered out a reply.
“Yes, yes… of course, your grace.”
It was clear to me that this wasn’t just a lie to get out of trouble. The Baron, in fact, won’t be able to get away with something like this again. Not only him, but no other noble will either.
The Duke’s promise carries that much weight.
Should this happen again, it would be the same as besmirching the Duke’s name.
‘It’s a shame I didn’t get to go through with the duel, but… I’ll get another chance later.’
I quickly made my decision.
The Duke had also taken a step back.
“Now, will you forgive me, Baron Kipriot?”
Refusing this offer would be the same as asking for a fight.
“I haven’t even gotten an apology from Baron Kipriot. And even if I do, my honor, which was disgraced today, won’t be restored. But…”
I continued.
“I’ll let it go.”
“Ho-ho…?”
A gasp went through the nobles.
“It’s a friend’s request. No one else.”
“……..!”
Their eyes widened at my next words.
***
Friend.
A word meaning a friendly and equal relationship.
“….”
The moment that word left my lips, the Palace of Glory fell silent.
‘A barbarian and a duke are friends?’
The air hung heavy, as if waiting for an explanation.
The Duke, whose brow had furrowed momentarily, regained his warm smile.
“That’s good to hear.”
A short answer, neither denying nor affirming the word ‘friend’.
But it was enough.
For the Baron Yandell, who had just entered the Royal Club. His standing increased dramatically.
‘I got a huge bonus out of this, unintentionally.’
Of course, the Duke also made his calculation. He had made a promise on his family name, to smooth over a noble’s mistake, hadn’t he? 
Perhaps raising my standing would do less damage to the Duke’s reputation.
“Well, I have duties to attend to, so I’ll be leaving. I’ll contact you to set a date for another meeting. Oh, and congratulations on your ascension.”
The Duke left, his words of a future meeting echoing in the ears of all.
‘This is a bit much, making me indebted like this.’
But the result was good. I could feel the way people looked at me change.
“…You weren’t just lucky enough to become a noble, were you?”
“Could it be… that the Duke helped you get your ascension?”
A newfound curiosity in their eyes, as if they were looking down at a lower being.
A good sign.
At the end of the day, I need to attract attention from many people, so that the Marquis wouldn’t be so reckless, wouldn’t he?
So, after warning the Baron Kipriot that there would be no more, I returned to my original seat.
The Baron Lilivia was standing by the table, staring at me blankly.
“You don’t need to stand up to greet me.”
“….”
“…Baron Lilivia?”
I waved my hand in front of her face, and she finally snapped out of it and walked towards me.
Then, in a small voice, she quickly retorted.
“What, what were you thinking……?”
“Don’t, don’t you know? …!  If the Duke hadn’t intervened, you would have been in big trouble!”
This family is really not treating their tank very well.
Shouldn’t they have thanked him first?
“Still, it ended well, didn’t it.”
“…?”
“The Duke’s promise might not eliminate discrimination, but at least no one will whisper behind our backs anymore.”
Just like you wanted.
I cut her off, and the Baron Lilivia’s expression changed strangely.
“You… did you really do all that just for that reason……?”
“What else could I do?”
“That was too reckless. If the Duke hadn’t stepped in, Melves might not have been able to protect you in Melbes……!”
It was a bit of a blow to my ego. Makes it seem like all my accomplishments are just lucky, doesn’t it?
“Well, I don’t really think that’s true.”
“…Of course, at least I personally value Baron Yandell highly. However, not all of the Melbes families feel that way. You’ve barely established yourself, and it’s possible they could have decided that you weren’t worth the risk of having a large faction of nobles dislike you—”
“Stop.”
She was missing the point entirely. My meaning wasn’t that.
“Melves is irrelevant.”
“…Yes?”
“And so is the Duke. Even if the Duke hadn’t intervened, nothing would have changed.”
“…?”
I patiently explained to the Baron Lilivia, who seemed to be struggling to understand.
“Didn’t you say I should be someone who is necessary?”
“….”
“That’s why I challenged him. We need someone like me, so the others won’t be able to pick on us. Oh, and Baron Kipriot was the perfect target. His family isn’t that important, and he doesn’t have any powerful backers.”
“Wait! Are you saying… that you planned all of this?”
“To some extent.”
I nodded, and the Baron Lilivia was shocked, but also seemed to have a question.
“But what does that have to do with being someone necessary?”
Ah, that?
“When I asked why I should just ignore your comments, you said there was no way, right?”
It was clear to me at that moment.
What was missing from this interspecies noble party.
Something only a main tank, who’s seen it all, could notice.
“Actually, you weren’t without options. There’s always a way, no matter the situation.”
I spoke decisively.
“If you see no way forward in a situation with many enemies, it’s simply because you haven’t found it yet.”
“….”
“The one who stands at the front, taking the arrows, and clearing the path.”
The Baron Lilivia didn’t say anything after I finished speaking.
But I could tell from her expression.
‘Okay, I think I’ve successfully promoted myself.’
Of course, I define my own value.
***
After that, I talked with the Baron Lilivia some more.
She asked me about a lot of things, as if she was incredibly impressed, and I put on my best sales pitch.
And as time passed.
“Baron’s words are true……”
The Baron Lilivia’s face was also changing little by little.
“What changed since you’ve been enduring everything? If you had moved forward, even just one step at a time, during that long time! The results would have been different!”
The image of a naive, harmless herbivore was gone. 
All that was left was a determined predator.
“Melves is due for a change. Don’t worry, Baron Yandell. I will take responsibility for getting the Guild’s sponsorship. We need someone like you in Melves.”
With those words, the Baron Lilivia left the table.
I watched her leave, and a thought suddenly came to mind.
Do you hide your fangs, or do you show them?
Perhaps the very beginning of herbivores and carnivores was the difference in their mindset.
‘That’s why environment is so important.’
Is it because she’s a rabbit? They say their ears are particularly thin.
Anyway, after she left, I sat down at the empty table and continued my interrupted meal. As I ate, nobles began approaching me one after another.
“Baron Yandell, I apologize for what happened earlier. I heard it was a good reason to challenge him to a duel?”
“Yes, when I heard the story, I couldn’t believe it.”
“Tsk, discrimination against different species, what is this, the dark ages?”
It’s funny how they’re all suddenly changing their tune, after they were treating me like an invisible barbarian. But I pretended not to notice and continued my social engagements with them.
From now on, connections are also assets.
“Ha ha, thank you all. If you ever want to invite me out, let me know.”
“Oh, is that so? I heard you haven’t been seen since the banquet at the Count Perdehillt’s manor.”
“I didn’t know you back then, but we’re friends now, aren’t we?”
“….Friends? Ha ha ha! You’re such a hothead, true to your explorer roots! Okay, let’s be friends!”
One of them was Count Perdehillt, who had been trying to marry his daughter off to me. He was a bit nostalgic about it.
“I’m truly happy that you’ve become so successful. But it’s a shame. My daughter really liked you….”
As if.
She was forced to come out and just trembled when she saw me.
“Ha ha, well, I’ll be off then. If you ever invite me out, don’t pretend not to know me!”
After sending off Count Perdehillt, I continued greeting other nobles.
Then it happened.
‘….Huh?’
A middle-aged Baron shook my hand, slipped a note into my hand, and then disappeared with a sly look.
A chill ran down my spine.
‘Is this guy…….’
I wanted to tear the note to shreds immediately, but just in case, I quickly went to the bathroom to read it in private.
I’m glad I didn’t tear it up after reading the contents.
[I will be waiting for you in three days at the place we first met. –Your true friend.]
Whoa, I didn’t know they could contact me so secretly.
So, I’ve completed one of the sub-quests for my ascension?
‘…Now all that’s left is to meet with the Marquis.’
I tore up the note, swallowed it along with some water, and left the bathroom.
]]]