## Chapter 447: The Party (4)
We decided to open the secret spaces one by one, not knowing what might emerge from the Rose Knights' hidden dimensions. The first to take a turn was Lilith Marone, the military mage.
“A wooden box…?”
What emerged from her secret space was a small wooden box, just big enough to fit a couple of books.
“There's no magical protection. You can just open it.”
As soon as Versil granted her permission, she opened the box. And…
“Oh…”
“This…”
The team members let out awkward gasps upon seeing the contents of the box. The items inside were far from what they had expected.
“Just cash, some forged ID cards, and a portrait…”
“…Who's the portrait of? A family member?”
“Seems like it. You can tell from the worn-out edges.”
What in the…
“Next! Let's move on to the next one!”
The situation was beyond disappointing, but we, the team members, didn't give up hope and continued the opening ceremony.
“Cash and ID cards again… and this one has strange pills?”
The pills that emerged from the second box were all too familiar to Amelia and me.
“Letha's Blessing potions.”
“…Do you recognize these, Mr. Rains?”
“Yes. They have the effect of erasing a target's memories. They were created by the alchemists of Noark, but it seems the royal family has also learned their secrets.”
“This… might come in handy someday. How much memory can they erase?”
“Well, they've been improved, and the form is slightly different from what I knew.”
“Really… They're all different sizes too. Somehow, the bigger they are, the more memories they seem to erase… I'll check this out in my lab later.”
Third, fourth, fifth…
The following secret space openings were over in a flash.
“…Another one of those Letha's Blessing pills.”
“There seems to be some kind of poison here, though.”
“…A highly acidic solution. It seems to have been used to destroy something, like a corpse…”
The secret spaces, which we initially thought were treasure chests, turned out to be empty shells. Well, it wasn't entirely empty, aside from the Letha's Blessings.
“Lord Kailslan, would you mind looking at this notebook?”
This was from the sixth secret space.
“This… seems to be a list of spies sent out by the royal family.”
A register with the names of the royal family's informants who were infiltrating various organizations under assumed identities. We were once again reminded of the royal family's true power.
“From the looks of it, this is only a small part of their vast network of informants.”
“They have so many… and that's just a part?”
“See. Most of the informants are concentrated in the forces of a particular noble family. Perhaps the owner of this secret space was carrying out personal missions related to that noble family.”
“This list… is just for informants for one personal mission?”
“It's just my speculation, of course.”
Kaislan ended his words there, but even I couldn't think of any other possibilities.
“They say the royal family's eyes and ears are everywhere, but I never imagined it would be this extensive…”
A heavy silence fell after those words. 
All the team members indirectly felt it. The true power of the royal family, the power we would face going forward.
“Anyway, good job.”
I tried to break the silence with a light-hearted voice.
“Versil, I'll keep this list. It might come in handy someday.”
And finally, the matter was closed after I put the list aside.
“Now, it's the last one.”
My words lit up the team members' eyes. The anticipation that had swelled during the secret space openings had dwindled, but this time, they felt it would be different.
“…That’s the woman’s secret space, right?”
The Rose Knights’ Six. 
It was unclear whether she was the captain, deputy captain, or just a regular member, but one thing was certain. She was in charge that day. However…
“…A wooden box again.”
The box’s contents, opened with a final flicker of hope, were too simple to describe.
Cash.
ID cards.
Letha’s Blessings. 
And…
A sealed letter, a single sheet of paper, its seal broken.
“This is…”
It was a royal decree. An order to eradicate the expedition team from Ice Rock if they ever returned.
“This… will come in handy.”
A decent haul.
***
After the secret space opening ceremony.
We received all the equipment we had brought back from the labyrinth.
“What are we going to do with all these?”
“First, we’ll slowly dispose of the equipment we got from those Noark bastards. And the money will be our war chest.”
“I see…”
Essentially, they handed over most of the loot from the expedition and put me in charge of using it, but surprisingly, there were no complaints.
Their trust was gratifying, but I was also slightly worried.
‘Jeez, this is asking to get scammed.’
What if the captain wasn't a kind and responsible barbarian like me?
“Yandell, what about the Rose Knights' equipment? If we dispose of it as it is, the royal family will definitely notice it.”
“Ah, about that. I'm going to have a blacksmith remodel each piece. It’s risky to sell it, but it's made of such high-grade materials that I wouldn't want to sell it.”
We plan to melt down the mistium, a metal equivalent to ark, and cut the ogre leather, a 5th-grade material, along the seams to create other equipment.
Of course, the amount won't be much. Even if we melt down all the daggers, we wouldn't even have enough mistium to make a single piece of armor. And in the case of leather, there will be a significant loss during the remodeling process.
“We'll decide together what to make with the collected materials later. So if there's anyone who wants any specific materials, come to me with a reason everyone will agree with.”
I'd love to make a mistium shield, but a leader should not seek personal gain. We'll use the public funds fairly and only for the collective good.
Although they didn’t seem to care much about it.
“I'd rather discuss that. You said you formed your clan a few days ago… When can we join?”
“Ah, about that, Versil has already set a rough timeline.”
“Oh really? When is it for me?”
“Ms. Marone, it'll be about 3 months from now. It'd be the cleanest to say you're retiring due to conflict with your superiors. If you have a better reason, let me know.”
“Oh, interesting. Then, what about me?”
“Lord Kailslan… You'll be the last one to join. You’re in a position of authority, so it’d be natural to join later. It’ll be a while. A minimum of a year.”
“I see…”
“Ms. Calla, you said you were recently kicked out of your clan. Take a couple of months to rest and try to join another one. There's no chance of getting accepted anyway.”
“…”
“I looked for a new nest but couldn't find it, so I joined Yandell’s clan, my old expedition teammate. This place feels more comfortable.”
“If they accept me… what then?”
“Then demand a high position claiming your previous deputy captain experience. They’ll kick you out right away. You can trust me. I used to be in charge of personnel matters.”
As those words echoed, James Calla shrank in silence.
“Ah, Lord Farav…”
Versil’s logical briefing continued for a while.
It was quite impressive.
Perhaps it was a combination of the mage attribute, the ex-clan deputy captain attribute, and the modern human attribute?
She’s really efficient.
‘What kind of work did she do on Earth?’
Anyway, as time passed and the briefing ended, everyone started asking me questions.
“폭검 Ainar Pnellin. How much does she know about us?”
“She doesn't know anything. So be careful with your words when you meet her later.”
“I see…”
“By the way, we already have two members of the Seven Spears. If we join, we’ll definitely attract attention, even if we don’t want to, huh?  Huhuhu.”
“Hmm, Farav, you think you’re at that level?”
“…Uh, am I? No, I mean, my public reputation might be a little low… uh…”
“I’m curious about a member called Auyen Lokrove. I’ve never heard of her. Is she trustworthy?”
Amelia answered on behalf of our navigator, not me.
“She’s trustworthy. I vouch for her.”
After similar questions were thrown around, the topic shifted again.
This time, it was about what happened at the ascension ceremony. Once I told them we were going to Melbes, our next plans naturally came up.
However, I couldn't explain everything here, so I only presented the vision.
“We have many enemies, and they also have many enemies.”
“…”
“And there’s an old saying: the enemy of my enemy is my friend.”
We will create a clan, establish a family, and steadily build a wall to protect ourselves. At the same time, we’ll increase our allies as much as possible.
That is the core of my plan.
To make those who threw us into that hell suffer.
***
After the serious discussion, we enjoyed casual conversation in a lighter atmosphere.
“How about Lord Kailslan? Have you been interrogated since the expedition?”
“There was some sort of inquiry, but it was more like a listening session. They didn’t even use any verification magic.”
We shared our updates.
“Mr. Goulard, do you have any medication that helps with sleep?”
“Yes. I’ll give you some if you need it.”
“You’re not asking me the reason why.”
“Actually, I have trouble sleeping too. Ever since that day.”
Someone even received help.
“I think you said your name was… Marone? What’s that you have painted on your nails?”
“Ah, this? It’s pretty, right? It’s trending among mages these days. Would you like to try it, Ms. Tersia?”
Some people simply talked about their hobbies.
It was incredible.
A month ago, before we entered the labyrinth, we were complete strangers.
“…”
I sat alone on the sofa by the corner and scanned the room.
Unlike the ascension ceremony banquet, there were no luxurious royal dishes or expensive wines. We were simply using a vacant building rented from a tenant who had moved out.
But I still thought.
This kind of banquet is much more enjoyable for me.
“Well, I should be going.”
As always, pleasant times flew by.
As evening approached, one by one, they left. Our expedition team’s after-party was essentially over. Amelia, Erwen, and I also went home.
Two days later.
“Going to the library? This early in the morning?”
Amelia and Erwen looked at me with questioning eyes as I left the house in the morning.
I didn't realize it until later.
[I’ll be waiting for you at the place we first met in three days.]
The note didn’t mention the time.
Ragna, you wouldn’t think she’d be this careless.
“Whew…”
As I walked through the familiar streets of the 7th district, my destination came into view.
[Rabiigon National Library]
The place where I had spent almost the entire day reading, right after waking up in this barbarian body.
However, I froze upon reaching the destination.
There was a sign on the library door saying it was closed today.
‘…I didn’t consider this possibility.’
What do I do? Should I just wait here? Yeah, that way, at least we won’t miss each other.
As I was thinking this…
Click, click.
A woman approached me from the direction of the door, her heels clicking on the pavement.
My body flinched as soon as I met her eyes.
“I’m honored to meet you, Lord Yandell.”
Black hair, black eyes, and a black skirt.
Everything was black except for her white shirt.
“Let’s go. The Count is waiting—.”
“Wrong.”
“…Yes?”
I looked at the woman who was tilting her head in confusion, and cut her off.
“It’s not Lord, it’s Captain.”
“…”
“Of the ‘Anabada’ clan, founded a few days ago.”
Despite my unexpected statement, the woman didn't show any changes in her expression. 
Instead, she simply gave a business smile and said,
“Of course. I will be mindful of the honorifics from now on. Captain Yandell.”
“Thank you. It just feels right to me today.”
“Feels right…?”
“Ah, it seems more powerful than Lord, doesn’t it?”
“…You’re right.”
She’s nodding in agreement, even though she has no idea what the difference is.
I casually asked her,
“Do you know what ‘Anabada’ means?”
The answer came immediately.
“As far as I know, it means ‘pack of beasts’ in ancient language.”
“Oh, yeah… Yeah, that’s right… You know, right?”
I looked sulky like a barbarian who had missed an opportunity to show off his knowledge. The woman pretended not to notice and opened the locked library door.
“Let’s go. The Count is waiting.”
The woman walked in front of me, and I followed her, my mouth watering.
Click, click.
This is definitely Hyonbyeol.