## The Barbarian Revolution (1)
[Dungeon & Stone] boasts a variety of special stats, some of which are invisible and don’t influence the overall combat index. 
A prime example is the fame stat. 
‘Actually, it’s a bit of a misnomer to even call it a stat...’
High fame means more recognition from others, increasing the likelihood of special events like sudden quests. It also boosts initial rapport when interacting with unknown NPCs.  
On the surface, it seems like a useful stat.  
But...
‘It's more accurately described as a measure of consequence.’
Should I say the order of cause and effect is reversed? 
It’s not that fame creates these effects. It’s simply that those with such effects naturally have high fame.
In reality, if you were to create a status window for a famous celebrity, their fame stat would be incredibly high, and they would experience similar effects.
In any case, ‘Support’ is another stat in that same category. 
The stat value influences leadership within the tribe, diminishing rebellious forces, and improving policy success and task completion rates. 
While it's irrelevant for the typical adventurer route, it becomes a crucial stat as you delve into domestic content. 
Except for the barbarians, of course.
「Character's Support has increased by +1.」
「Character's Support has increased by +1.」
「Character's Support has increased by +1... 」
「... 」
「... 」
The barbarians, by nature, automatically start with ludicrous support levels if they become the chieftain through the official route. 
It’s a right they’ve rightfully earned.
Warriors naturally respect the chieftain’s authority and accept their orders.
‘The problem is that, unlike other races, high support doesn’t guarantee eternal power.’
The chieftain can always be challenged.
However, this isn’t a major issue either.
No, it’s actually something to welcome.
Think about it. Even if you cause chaos, you can’t be removed from the chieftain position. 
As long as you don’t lose.
‘…Still, I should keep an eye on Support levels. If they fall too low, the children will get depressed.’
As I pondered this, Ainar, who was cleaning the chieftain’s exclusive tent (large), informed me.
“Bjorn…! Why are you just standing there?!”
It was a foolish question, uncharacteristic of Ainar. 
“I am the chieftain.”
“…But, I can’t be the only one doing this—!”
“And Ainar, you are an elder.”
“…………Elder? Me…?”
Ainar was stunned, like someone who had been unexpectedly told about a radical promotion. 
Hmm, is she really surprised?
“Of course! Ainar, where else would you find a warrior more trustworthy than you?”
“K, Khem Khem…! ”
“You, Ainar, are the second daughter of Pnallin, the holder of the Explosive Sword, a member of the Seven Strong!  I can’t understand how previous elders and chieftains could treat someone like you as an ordinary warrior!!”
“I… don’t think I’m that great… ”
Don’t be so modest. 
“This is Bjorn, the son of Yandell, Baron of the Raphdonian Kingdom, and chieftain of the barbarians! So believe it!”
Those who lack confidence are often swayed by those in higher positions, thinking it’s right because a higher authority said so.
「Character's Support has increased by +1.」
In reality, Ainar didn’t need much time to be convinced.
“I, I guess?”
“It’s true.”
“I, I see! I’m an elder now!”
“Then could you please finish up? I have work to do as the chieftain, and it’s the elder’s role to assist me.”
“Of course! I love assisting!”
Ainar returned to her cleaning duties as if she had never complained, and I sat in a chair and closed my eyes. 
Not because I was truly sleepy, but because I had things to think about.
‘This is much worse than I expected… ’
The former chieftain gave me a brief handover, outlining the tribe’s current situation, which was worse than anticipated.
From finances to population, welfare, and infrastructure. 
Should I say every single aspect was a problem? 
I’m surprised this tribe managed to function at all, and I’m not sure where to start fixing it.
But...
‘It’s not like this is my first rodeo.’
I categorized the tasks I needed to address as ‘Race-Specific Quests’, prioritizing and prioritizing them by difficulty.
Thanks to that, I knew exactly what to do first.
1. Cabinet Reshuffle.
It's the first quest I need to tackle as chieftain. 
Although I’m not sure if it’s truly a reshuffle.
“Um… Bjorn?”
While I was sitting with my eyes closed, Ainar gently shook my shoulder.
“Call me Chieftain while inside the holy ground.”
“Ah, yes… Chieftain…?”
“Alright, tell me.”
“I’ve been thinking… it doesn’t seem right for an elder like me to do these menial tasks!”
Tch, that’s what happens when you educate children…
They read books and now understand what’s unjust. 
“Find another warrior or do it yourself. Or… find another elder. I, I really hate cleaning!”
I chuckled at her bold declaration to pursue her own rights.
“I understand. Stop cleaning then.”
“…Are you going to appoint another elder?”
“No. And there are no elders besides you, to begin with.”
“…What do you mean?”
Ah, she doesn’t know, does she?
I explained the tribe's situation to the first elder. 
“The original elders all retired with the former chieftain.”
“What?! You mean those old geezers?! Did they just walk away because they couldn’t accept you?”
“Calm down. That’s not the case.”
At first, I thought they were collectively boycotting me because they couldn’t believe a noble like me would join them, but the truth was different.
[Joining a dungeon after becoming chieftain? Ha! Good luck! Don’t die like last time!]
The elders were indifferent even to my declaration that I wouldn’t quit being an adventurer.
They didn’t question my legitimacy as a noble either.
They were just genuinely happy to retire. 
[Heh heh, you’re on your own now, kid. These days, young warriors always choose the hard road.]
[Good luck! Don’t ask for help even if you don’t know. I’m not doing calculations anymore!]
I later found out that the previous elders were the former chieftain’s fellow warriors. They were forced to take these positions solely out of duty because the former chieftain pleaded with them so much. 
They argued about quitting every day, and were ultimately forced to pick up the pen by the former chieftain’s ‘persuasion’?
“So, don’t be too upset that they tried to save potions.”
“……Huh?”
“I checked the books. The tribe’s coffers are completely empty.”
Ainar choked back sobs as I told her about the elders, who were forced to be frugal even with expenses, so they could at least give the new adult warriors proper weapons at the coming-of-age ceremony. 
She looked like a young girl who had learned about her parents’ secret night jobs to support her.
“Anyway, if there’s any warrior who’s qualified to be an elder, recommend them to me. You’re probably more knowledgeable about these things than I am.”
“That… I’m sure I can! You’re always—”
“Chieftain.”
“…The Chieftain is always too busy looking after the team!”
Ah, I appreciate the sentiment. 
I nodded in satisfaction.
Ainar then recommended a few warriors.
However...
“Ainar, why do you look so dejected? As if you’re hiding something.”
I asked, and Ainar replied, slumping her shoulders.
“I chose the best fighters among my close friends. But… I’m not sure if they’ll meet your expectations… ”
“In what way?”
“Well, they can’t read.”
“Ah, that's fine.”
It wasn’t something I had any expectations for. I had heard that even the previous elders learned to read after they became elders. And...
“I’m not planning to rely on the elders for administrative duties like before.”
Why else would the barbarians be in this state?
It’s because the people who can’t read and don’t know basic math were doing the administrative work.
So…….
“The elders just need to teach young warriors how to fight and instill a sense of devotion to their people.”
“Huh? Then who’s going to take care of everything else? Even you can’t handle everything alone.”
I grinned and said,
“Inside the walls.”
“……?”
“I’ll hire humans from there.”
Professionally, it’s called outsourcing. 
Put simply, I’m going to subcontract it. 
***
Human office workers skilled in administrative tasks.
There was just the right candidate.
It was Shavin Emure, a 7th-grade administrative clerk, who was a member of my friend group.
‘I heard from Ragna that she was promoted to 6th grade, but recently got fired?’
Of course, the chances of recruiting her aren't high.
Didn’t she outright reject Ragna's proposal to work under him because of their friendship? 
It’s possible she'll reject my offer too. 
But…
‘I can at least get some recommendations from her.’
Yes, that's enough for now.
It's not just manpower, though. I need to secure ‘funds’ to hire external workers.
‘Funds… ’
This is another problem with no easy solution.
The tribe’s coffers are barely enough to pay for the weapons given out at the monthly coming-of-age ceremony, along with the younger warriors’ meals.
‘…I need to find a new source of income.’
They say you shouldn’t give a hungry man a fish, but teach him how to fish? To reform the current barbarian tribe, I need to revamp the sources of income.
It doesn’t make sense for a whole race to rely solely on donations and inheritance from warriors.
‘Money… ’
I couldn’t think of any immediate solutions.
There’s no way there are resources like iron mines left on this small land, which they’ve called home for thousands of years.
‘Actually, the metallurgy is not very good either.’
The steel is good quality due to the unrestrained use of iron, but that’s about it. 
Blacksmiths in the city make higher quality weapons.
Investing in blacksmithing equipment at the racial level? It’s a long process, and even if you invest, it’s impossible to surpass the dwarves.
‘…I can’t do anything but fight in the dungeon. Damn it, what kind of race is this?’
While I cursed, I also had this question.
A whole race whose entire fighting force is comprised of ‘adventurers’ who are all high-income earners. Why would they be short on funds?
What if they were properly indoctrinated as children with a devotion to their tribe that makes them donate a tenth of their income every month?
“Ainar.”
Unable to comprehend this, I sought advice from the true barbarian, and received a surprisingly insightful answer. 
“Well… they’re poor, aren’t they?”
“No, I mean, I don’t know why they’re poor. Everyone seems to be making a decent amount.”
“Ah, that’s just because you’re you! Everyone buys new gear, drinks, and that kind of stuff. There’s nothing left!”
At first glance, it seems like that’s true.
But, to me, a barbarian expert, it was interpreted differently. 
The problem wasn’t income, but spending. 
They spend everything, and any leftover is put in a piggy bank, which is sent to the tribe. Of course, they’d always be short on money. 
“Ah… and… I’m not trying to criticize… ”
“It’s fine, just tell me.”
“…Don’t tell the other warriors that I told you?”
“I understand. Hurry up.”
“Actually, other than you, most of the warriors don’t want to sell their old equipment even when they buy new ones.”
“…What?”
“You know how it is… old equipment feels attached, you know… Some warriors even say they want to pass it down to their children!”
I was speechless. 
“…….”
…So that’s why they’re short on money.
It’s ridiculous, but it’s something I can’t fix right away.
Collecting gear is a barbarian instinct.
Like a crow collecting shiny objects.
It’s difficult to change their very nature, even with the chieftain’s authority.
But...
“I, I still think that’s not entirely bad! Look, collecting gear is kind of like saving money!”
Ainar exclaimed, trying to justify their behavior, but it was like lightning struck my head.
“…Saving?”
“Y, Yes!  If we become famous later, we can sell it for more! It’s an investment, technically!”
“…Investment?”
“Oh, I, I don’t do that! Really. I, I have a few, but… they’re not duplicates! They’re all different and I don’t know when I’ll need them— ”
“Ainar, are you a genius?”
Thanks to her, a good solution came to mind.
“……?”
Ainar still didn’t seem to understand what she had done, but…
‘Yes, this is a revolution.’
There was no other word to describe it.
***
I gathered all the barbarians who had visited the holy ground for the festival, before they returned to the city.
I didn’t need an introduction about the weather being nice and all that.
“I have something to tell you!”
As soon as they gathered, I began my speech. 
Or rather, it would be more accurate to say I was announcing my first policy as chieftain.
“Awake Warriors! I’m different from the previous chieftains! So, I’m going to give you an opportunity!”
Warriors, who had been rubbing their ears, immediately lit up with their eyes at the mention of getting ‘something’.
“Opportunity…?”
“Whatever it is, it sounds good…?”
Okay, getting their curiosity is a success.
I quickly continued before their focus wavered. 
Thanks to Ainar, I could come up with a way to educate them about the economy, and fill the tribe’s empty coffers.
“I’m going to give you the chance to buy land in the holy ground!”
“…Land?”
“You said you were giving something? But buy? Does it mean we have to pay money?”
The barbarians seemed confused.
Yeah, I didn’t think they’d understand right away.
I explained it in a simple and concise way, at their level. 
“Do you have a house in the city? No, you don’t. Or even if you do, the land it’s on isn’t yours! In this kingdom, commoners can’t own land!”
I’m going to give you the privilege of the nobles. 
“But the land in the holy ground is different! If I allow it, you can buy it, and once you buy it, it becomes yours, forever!”
Of course, there will be a small property tax.
“You’re free to engrave your name on it, or build a monument or a statue!”
“……Free?”
“Yes, free! Do you want to build a house? Build one! Not a tent that collapses when it rains, but a house like the ones in the city! A house where your children’s children can live forever!”
Build to your heart’s content. 
There’s no tax on windows. 
“I, It sounds good?”
Some barbarians, particularly those susceptible to persuasion, were starting to get interested.
Of course, there were many who still looked confused. 
“But land…? ”
“It’s probably expensive, even if we could buy it!”
“Land isn’t worth that much, is it…? It would be better to buy something useful like a weapon…”
Warriors who instinctively sensed something strange.
It was time to play my trump card.
“Think about it, warriors! ”
“……?”
“Weapons will rust eventually, but land is different. It’s yours forever, and you can pass it down to your children!”
It was something that wouldn’t resonate with barbarians who live for the present moment.
But...
“Plus, if you buy land, you don’t have to pay for lodging anymore! For you, and your children, forever!”
The barbarians, who had been spending a significant amount of money on monthly lodging, had their eyes wide open.
“……T, That’s true!”
“Really… If we have land, we can just sleep in the holy ground!”
Seems like they finally realized the value of land. 
“But it’s much more convenient in the city… the dungeon is closer and … ”
Some warriors raised a reasonable question, but they were a small minority. 
So, I just memorized their faces.
If they seem good in battle, I’ll make them elders.
Anyway, it was time to cut to the chase and play my final trump card.
“And most importantly…!”
As I trailed off, the barbarians fell silent, their ears perked up, as if they had made a pact.
Thanks to that, I didn’t have to shout.
“The land in the holy ground will become expensive!”
Money.
It’s the ultimate motivator for everyone, regardless of race. 
“It will become even more expensive as time goes on! There will come a time when you won’t be able to afford it even if you want to buy it!”
“……?”
“Isn’t it obvious?  Once you buy a piece of land, it’s yours forever! When all the land is sold, there’s no land to buy!”
“……!”
“What! So if you still want to buy it, you’ll have to beg! To the warrior who owns the land. You’ll have to pay a hefty sum and beg them to sell it to you!”
It’s the simple principle of supply and demand. 
“Well, it’s still going to be hard to buy. Who would sell, after all?  Their children’s children’s children will have this precious land, where they can live in the city without wasting money on lodging?”
“……!!”
“Oh, of course, if that happens, your children’s children’s children will be living in tents and fuming!”
“……?”
“They’ll be asking, why didn’t our ancestors buy land back then?”
“!!!!!!!!!!!”
The warriors, whose future children had become hostages, were shocked. 
There was no need for further explanation.
“Warriors! I’ll say this last time!”
Thus, I declared, with the voice of a politician who had become one from today.
“A warrior doesn’t miss an opportunity!”
Real estate is the answer.
]]]