## The Barbarian Revolution (2)
The plan was called "The Sanctuary Redevelopment Project." Even before the first plot of land was sold, I was confident in its success. After all, inquiries about purchasing land were already pouring in. 
"It won't take much to spread the word throughout the entire tribe…."
Okay, then all that's left is selling, right?
"Um… Bjorn?"
"The chieftain."
"Anyway, Chieftain! Why aren't you selling the land right away? There are so many warriors who want to buy it."
The reason was simple.
"Even with so many, wouldn't it be woefully inadequate compared to the amount of land available?"
"Then you should sell it quickly, starting now!"
While I was happy that Ainar had grasped the merchant's mentality, unfortunately, she only understood one half of the picture. How many would actually buy it if we sold it now? They'd probably lack the funds, so the actual amount sold would be even smaller. Therefore….
"Tell the warriors who want to buy land to come back on the 5th of next month. We'll start selling then."
The sales commencement date would be the 5th of next month. This is when the Barbarians would have the most money, right after they come out of the Labyrinth. We'll decide how much land to sell based on how many show up. If 100 people come, maybe 30 plots would be appropriate?
Ainar, however, kept shaking her head, perplexed.
"What? You're not selling it to everyone? Why?"
I patiently explained it to her, as if I were educating the First Elder. 
"Firstly, we don't have enough manpower to handle administrative tasks if we sell too much."
"Oh…?"
"Secondly, doing it this way is the only way to make the price rise."
The concept of real estate hasn't fully settled in the warriors' minds yet. Therefore….
"...Make the price rise? What does that mean?"
"Think about it. 100 people want land, but only 30 bought it. What do you think will happen to the rest?"
"...They'll wait for the next time?"
"Of course, some warriors will do that. But there will definitely be those who want to buy the buyer's land at a higher price."
"Aha! That makes sense! They might not have the money now, but some warriors will earn more later…."
Wow, she's actually getting smarter.
I, internally impressed, continued speaking. This was the core of my redevelopment plan. 
"Anyway, the land sold that way will be more expensive than the price we sell it for. Don't popular weapons take a long time to order and are expensive, right?"
"Oh! So the warrior who bought the land first will have made a profit without doing anything!"
Finally, Ainar had reached the truth.
"Exactly, that's the key. News of someone making a lot of money without lifting a finger will spread to other warriors right away."
Descendants to inherit the land? The value of the land? Saving on rent? In the end, those are just excuses. The important thing is the unshakeable belief that buying land will be profitable.
Ainar soon muttered in a trembling voice.
"The warriors… they'll swarm in like crazy. Even those who thought there was no point in buying land…."
"Yes, they'll bring all the money they saved, because they'll make money just by buying it."
It's a kind of money duplication bug. Wasn't it the same with the backpack revolution that started with Charon? Barbarians, despite their talk of honor, also love money. And….
"I think it's better to sell only to a select few through a lottery system, rather than an auction, at least initially."
I don't intend to stop this money duplication bug. Even if the bubble bursts and the true value is revealed later, this is the most efficient way to grow the tribe in the short term.
"………As long as I stop them from taking out loans with the land as collateral, it should be fine. By then, we'll have other sources of income."
Honestly, I was more worried about the near future than the distant future. After all, 'Barbarian' is a concept created by the 'Barbarians' themselves. It will definitely stand out.
However, I still made my decision.
'There's nothing more to change if we're already standing out a little. We need to focus on growing the tribe first.'
Real estate isn't even our original idea. The Dwarves and the Beastmen have already activated their economies by selling off most of the Sanctuary's land. So, most people will think I copied from other races.
'Ugh… I need to find an office worker right away.'
There's a lot to do if I want to even get these young warriors shoes.
***
The day I first introduced the concept of real estate to the warriors.
Around lunchtime, I finished up my work and entered the city. I went straight to a meeting.
"Long time no see, Shavin Emure."
So, you're a jobless bum, huh? You're at home, as expected.
"...Ah? Bjorn…?"
She was surprised to see me, since I just showed up at her house without an appointment. But Shavin Emure welcomed me with a smile and invited me in.
"Sorry, I wanted to visit earlier. But I was really busy."
"No! No need to apologize. Honestly, I didn't think you'd come to see me personally…."
"Of course I had to. We're friends."
"Ah…."
"Besides, I have a proposal for you. Or should I say a request?"
Her eyes lit up at the mention of friendship, but she made a nervous face when I continued speaking.
"What sort of request…?"
"I heard you lost your job. Would you be able to help me out?"
"……?"
"Or maybe you know some people I can recommend? I need someone who can handle administrative tasks. Preferably someone I can trust."
"You really need someone for that kind of work, huh?"
"You're the first person who came to mind. I don't know anyone who can do this sort of thing, right? This is what friends are for."
Shavin, after thinking for a moment, readily accepted my offer.
"Okay. As long as you pay me what I used to get at my old job. I'll come, and I'll bring a few people along who are also suitable."
"What did you get at the Administrative Office?"
Shavin cautiously mentioned her previous salary, and it was less than I expected. So, I offered a slightly higher salary and finalized our contract.
"But this is surprising. I didn't think you'd agree."
"Well, I was already looking for a new job."
"Really? That's great. Ragna refused when she offered you a job, so I was worried."
"Bjorn, you really seem to need me. Unlike that girl, who only seemed to want to help herself."
"So, you didn't want to owe me a favor."
"……Hee hee. You could say that.  But did you already meet that girl?"
"How else would I know where you live? Ah, of course, my meeting with Ragna is a secret, at least publicly."
"A secret… so that's how the world of nobles works…."
Shavin, with truly innocent eyes, uttered an exclamation of admiration. Then she asked if I wanted anything to drink. After that, we chatted over tea for about an hour.
And….
"I should get going. I have a lot to do before the expedition."
"Yes! I'll try to talk to my old coworkers before tomorrow, and then I'll come to work even if I'm alone. Ah, where should I go?"
"I'll come to pick you up at dawn three days from now."
"Huh? You'll come to pick me up? I appreciate it, but you really don't have to…."
It's not like she has to. Humans can't even enter our Sanctuary without permission. I plan on taking her there and making an access pass for her, as well.
"Anyway, I'll see you then."
"Yes, please be careful."
After leaving Shavin Emure's house, I went straight to the dwarf's forge. I didn't make an appointment or anything, but thankfully there wasn't a problem meeting him.
"Bjorn! What brings you here?"
I figured he'd be working today, as always.
"I need some equipment repaired, and I wanted to show you something I told you about the other day."
"Alright. Give me the equipment first. We need to finish all the repairs before the expedition."
"Of course."
After handing over the equipment damaged in the fight with the chieftain, I waited in the hall for a bit. Then the dwarf led me to the attic on the second floor.
"This is where I usually put the order forms or do administrative work... It'll be a bit inconvenient for you though."
"It's fine. I can crawl."
"It's not that bad... but…"
"Then understand why I'm talking while lying down."
The central area with the highest ceiling wasn't even over 1.5 meters tall, so I just laid down flat. The dwarf sighed and plopped down onto a dwarf-specific sofa.
"So, what's the thing?"
"Ah, here it is."
I pulled out a crate from my spatial storage. The dwarf swallowed hard and began inspecting it.
"Where on earth did you get this stuff?"
"It's better if you don't know."
"……Yeah, yeah. I was being reckless."
The dwarf, inspecting the equipment of the Noah's Ark explorer one by one, swallowed again, his eyes trembling. He seemed to have more anticipation than fear and nervousness. Well, he is a former blacksmith, not some other profession.
With Number items and equipment made from at least three-tiered materials filling the attic, it was no wonder his eyes widened. And, according to the agreement we made the other day, 5% of the proceeds would go to him.
"I want you to dispose of it as quietly as possible, even if it takes time."
"Ah, uh… Okay, I will. I should…"
He's so distracted he isn't even listening to a word I'm saying!
Thinking it was the right time, I pulled out the remaining crates.
"Oh, there were more?!"
"I'm not selling these. I'm going to exchange them for new equipment. I want you to turn the daggers into gold bars and cut the leather into fabric."
"That's not difficult. But what exactly are they for?"
The dwarf, curious, opened the new crate.
And….
"...Ogre leather is one thing, but this... Mistium? They say 90% of the ones on the market are supplied to the Royal Family. Where did you get this precious material?!"
Ah, that. 
"Take a good look."
"...Huh?"
I lay there and wiggled my fingers. The dwarf meticulously examined the Mistium dagger again. He realized the origin and let out a yelp.
"Th, th, th, th, th, this…!!!"
"Keep it down. Someone might hear us."
"…………It's the Rose Knights' equipment!!"
The dwarf, afraid someone might see him, quickly shoved the dagger and armor back into the crate, his voice lowered as much as possible. 
"Bjorn, Bjorn! This is madness. I don't know where you got it, but it's really dangerous…"
His genuine advice tinged with worry.
I, however, just replied flatly.
"Did you really not expect there to be some loot?"
"Yes, yes, but I didn't know there'd be something tied to the Royal Family!"
"So, you won't do it?"
I asked directly, and the dwarf remained silent.
"Uh, uh…"
He just trailed off, his eyes scanning the equipment. His eyes were full of longing.
"If you're going to refuse, forget everything you saw today. Burn the contract I wrote the other day."
I reached for the crate, and the dwarf swatted my arm.
"……I didn't say no."
"Hmm? You said it was madness a moment ago."
"That hasn't changed, but… As long as we don't get caught, it'll be fine!"
The dwarf, as always, was a good business partner.
***
The 28th of July, 157 years after the Great Opening. 
Or, in other words, only two days left until the next Labyrinth opens. A truly whirlwind month is coming to an end. However, I still have things to do.
"You're here!"
I went to pick Shavin Emure up as soon as morning arrived. After all, today is her first day at work. I thought she'd be alone, but besides her, there were three other men and women at her house.
"Who are they?"
"They're my coworkers from the Administrative Office. You said you wanted more people, right?"
"Ah, yeah, but… this fast?"
"Our Chief Supervisor lost the election for Chief Administrator, so everyone in our faction had to leave."
Hmm, I had no idea about this situation.
"You managed to find three people in that short amount of time?"
"It wasn't that hard. We're from the Clan of the Giant, Yandell Baron, right? Everyone was hoping for an opportunity like this."
"...Clan?"
I felt a sense of incongruity, but I couldn't press further because Shavin's coworkers were greeting me.
"Ah, hello! Yandell Baron! My name is Rick Anderson. I worked in the Civil Engineering Department of the Administrative Office."
"I'm Mary Jaina… I worked in the Civilian Support Department with Ms. Emure."
"Shepherd Lamdon. It's an honor to meet you."
Thankfully, there wasn't a Hans among the three of them. 
"I'm Bjorn, son of Yandell. Nice to meet you all."
After a brief introduction, we rode a carriage to the Sanctuary, chatting along the way.
"Wow… This is my first time riding in a nobleman's carriage."
"I... didn't even know there were separate nobleman carriages in the Sanctuary."
"Well, of course. Commoners aren't even allowed to use them."
"...It's so convenient, always waiting and taking you directly to your destination."
"Hee hee. You can enjoy this too when you become a nobleman like me."
"Nah, you're just joking… how could we…."
The atmosphere was quite lively.
"Anderson. You worked in Civil Engineering, right?"
"Yes! That's right, Baron!"
"What exactly did you do?"
I asked the administrative workers various questions, sometimes answering their questions in turn, and continued the conversation.
And how long had it been? 
"But... the carriage is going towards the outskirts?"
Shavin looked out the window and questioned.
"Is the Clan House near the wall?"
"Clan House? What are you talking about?"
"……What? You said you're making a new Clan, right? Don't you need office workers there…?"
Finally, I realized where our conversation had gone wrong.
'No wonder they weren't asking about the nature of the work.'
I quickly corrected their misconception.
"Shavin Emure, you won't be working for the Clan."
"What? Then where…?"
"The Barbarian Sanctuary."
"……………What?"
Shavin Emure tilted her head as if she had misheard, and the carriage, having arrived at its destination, came to a halt.
"Get out for now."
I opened the door and stepped out. The administrative workers followed, looking bewildered.
"……"
They stared up at the wall right in front of them, speechless.
Well, they wouldn't have much reason to come here. 
"Beh—laaaa—aa—aa—aaa—aa—a—a—aa!!!"
I let out a loud battle cry as proof, and the gate opened. I led the dazed group into the Sanctuary.
Warriors who spotted me from various places greeted me. 
"Human! It's a human! The chieftain brought a human!"
"Oooo—ooooo—ooo!!!"
"Two men and two women!!"
The administrative workers clung tightly behind me, trembling as if they had entered a cannibalistic den.
"……"
"……"
They didn't regain their senses until we reached the chieftain's tent after walking through the long forest path. One of Shavin's coworkers, swallowed hard and asked me.
"So, what do we do now?"
His name was Rick Anderson. He was a level 6 administrator who had worked in the Civil Engineering Department of the Administrative Office. Perhaps he'll become an ace in this redevelopment project.
I looked at him and replied briefly.
"Everything involving numbers."
That includes digging holes for houses, of course.
]]]