## Barbarian Revolution (3)
People gathered together to form an organization.
Even if it was just four people.
With four administrators assembled, I began to delegate the backlog of tasks, and they naturally divided the roles based on their specializations.
Ah, of course, Shavin Emure's contribution was substantial.
“Merry, you'll be in charge of organizing documents and calculations. For now, you can start by processing the old records left by the former elders.”
“C-Can I do that? The remaining records are a jumbled mess with no proper format, and the writing is hard to read…”
“You can do it. I'll help you a lot.”
“Yes…”
Mary Zena, in charge of statistics and information materials.
“Mr. Lamden, please take care of the preparations for the coming-of-age ceremony, which will be held two days from now.”
“T-The coming-of-age ceremony……?”
“It's a new task, but it's a small-scale event, so you should be able to handle it. If you have any questions, ask Pnellen. Pnellen, you can help, right?”
“Oh, oh! Of course! You can count on me!”
“When the preparations for the coming-of-age ceremony are finished, what will you do?”
“Once the statistical data is ready, please prepare the budget. Not on a yearly basis, but on a monthly basis.”
“…I understand.”
Shepherd Lamden, in charge of financial planning and management.
“Anderson, you know what to do, right?”
“Yes…. The land, you mean…”
“I see there's nothing prepared. First, go to the forest and do the surveying. We'll be building new roads later, so leave space for those roads. And don't forget to set aside land for the children to play in the future. We need to build a new childcare facility.”
“…Isn't this essentially city planning? Can I really do something so important?”
“I gave you the authority, so what's there to not be able to do? Besides, it's not like I'm asking you to manage the entire sanctuary right away.  Since we'll be selling the land from the outskirts, you only need to focus on that for now.”
“…I will try my best.”
Rick Anderson, in charge of roads, transportation, and urban development.
“For now, we've simply divided the tasks, but in the future, when we recruit new personnel, it will function as a department. You'll then be the head of each department.”
Of course, Shavin Emure will be the chief administrator.
Ah, was this the source of that strange motivation?
I don't know for sure, but Shavin Emure’s leadership was quite impressive to me.  Not only did she reorganize the entire organization from scratch in an instant, but she also motivated everyone?
‘She’s much better at this than I expected.’
She used to be a girl who was always looking for dessert shops whenever she got the chance.
I never expected her to have this side to her.
Just then, I was witnessing the birth of the Barbarian administrative organization with my own eyes.
“Excuse me…”
Mary Zena, in charge of statistics, cautiously raised her hand.
“When, when is work over……?”
Shavin glanced at me instead of answering.
This was something she couldn’t decide on her own.
Since today, our time was more valuable than gold. I quickly answered her question.
“Why do you need to go home?”
“…What?”
“Are you all fools? If you work at night, your salary doubles!”
“…?”
The administrators, unable to comprehend my words, stood frozen like stones. Shavin Emure interpreted my words in detail.
“We’re in the middle of a busy time, aren’t we? It’s not like you’ve never worked overtime before.  Fortunately, they said we’ll be paid for the extra hours, so let’s all work hard for now. We all had our rest, so even this busy schedule isn't so bad, right?”
“…Yes.”
And so, the Barbarian tribe keeps turning.
***
After the administrators started their work, I headed to the former chief’s tent.
I had something I hadn’t had time to ask last time.
“Biyorn, son of Yandel—”
“It’s the chief now.”
“……..Right, the chief. What is it?”
I got straight to the point.
“I want to know about Balcan.”
“Ah, you mean the first owner of your alias?”
Balcan, Kagureas, son of Shalick.
A hero of the tribe who died 21 years ago at the age of 55.
It wasn't until recently that I learned his real name.
I hadn't bothered to investigate him before, since he was already dead.
“…So, what do you want to know?”
“Everything about Balcan.”
“That’s going to be a long story. Sit or lie down however you want.”
The chief sighed as if he were annoyed, but he answered my questions faithfully.
“Balcan was a famous warrior within the tribe since I had just gone through the coming-of-age ceremony.  Truthfully, I wasn’t really interested in the tribe, but since he was the strongest in the tribe, he was well-known.”
“How strong was he?”
“He was so strong that even I in my current state couldn’t match him.”
Well, if you’re saying that, he was probably even stronger than me now.
“Some said that he became ‘humanized’ due to his lack of interaction with other warriors, but Balcan, as I saw him, was a warrior through and through.  He only cared about becoming stronger.”
“Wasn’t that true for everyone back then?”
“Haha!  That’s true. That was a truly amazing era! Unlike now, there were hundreds of explorers who ventured beyond the 8th floor to the 9th floor. All six races pushed forward towards the abyss, competing with each other, and it was common to pass down the Genesis artifacts to the warriors who reached the front lines. Balcan was one of those warriors.”
The Golden Age, as older explorers still talk about sometimes.
“But it all ended with the dimensional collapse, didn’t it?  Most of the top explorers perished.”
Titana Akuraba was a part of that generation.
She survived, witnessing the tragedy firsthand.
Perhaps that’s why she’s still questioning the royal family about the truth of the dimensional collapse and demanding strict control even now.
“It was a terrible tragedy. Well, it’s unrelated to Balcan’s death.”
“Why did Balcan die?”
“No one knows the reason. He and his comrades all entered the maze and never returned.”
“I see.  Since the Genesis artifact was reborn in the sanctuary, no one had any doubts.”
“Do you think he might still be alive?”
“He might have been in a situation similar to mine.”
“Puhaha! Doubt is a virtue for a warrior.”
The former chief seemed to think my opinion was absurd, but he didn't criticize or try to change my mind.
“Anyway, I heard that the Genesis artifacts that returned back then were not only for our tribe.”
“Huh… You know about that too?  That noble title is quite impressive.”
The source was Lee Baekho, but I had no reason to explain, so I simply asked again.
“Which tribe was it?”
“The Elves and Dwarves.”
“I see…”
Later, I asked if he knew anything about the Genesis artifacts stolen by all six races on the day of my coming-of-age ceremony, but I was unfortunately unable to get the answer I wanted.
“Well, I don’t know anything about the whereabouts of the Genesis artifacts.”
I was hoping he might know something else.
“Ah!  Come to think of it, I should tell you now. Something strange happened related to the Genesis artifacts.”
“Strange?”
“Someone left a letter in the chief’s tent while he was away.  It was a letter foretelling the coming of the Artifact War, and a prophecy that someone would steal the Genesis artifact on the 1st of March, 153 years.”
Ah… that…
Before I knew it, the former chief continued with a voice full of excitement.
“Isn't it amazing?  Clearly, our ancestral spirits helped us!  The shaman said so too!”
I don't know about the shaman, but I asked a question that had been on my mind.
“But if you received such a letter, how did it come to be?”
At first, I thought the letter was just a prank. I thought some young warriors had played a prank. But when the Artifact War actually happened, the former chief thought there was something strange about it.
Okay, the Artifact War is believable.
“Then what about the Genesis artifact?  Why was it stolen if you knew about it?”
“I don’t know.  We were certainly prepared enough, but when you guys arrived in the city, all the warriors were lying there unconscious.”
“Did you share the contents of that letter with other races?”
“We didn’t.”
“Why?”
“Would they believe that the ancestral spirits gave them a revelation?”
Well, that’s true.
Then I asked the chief what preparations he had made to prevent the theft of the Genesis artifact, and he explained it in detail.
‘He was working hard to prepare. I didn’t notice anything on the day of the coming-of-age ceremony.’
What happened that day?
Now that I’m the chief, I need to investigate properly.  If I have the Genesis artifact, it will give me an advantage in my relationship with Lee Baekho…
It’s essentially graduation equipment.
“By the way, the letter? Is it still around? I’d like to see it for myself.”
“Well? I heard the former chief had it, but it didn’t make it to me. I must have lost it somewhere.”
“I see…”
After that, the former chief mentioned that the letter I had left in the past was missing, and I asked my final question.
“What happened to the shaman? My disciple said he retired.”
“Ah, if you’re referring to the old shaman, he fell ill after receiving a spiritual cleansing ceremony.”
“He fell ill……?”
“To be precise, he’s in a vegetative state.  I told them to put him out of his misery, but his disciple kept fussing about how he might wake up someday and took care of him.  So I just let him be.”
I see.
“If you have all the answers, get out of here now.  My stomach is rumbling from all this talking.”
“Got it.”
The former chief seemed to be losing interest in our conversation, so I didn’t bother him any further and left quickly. Before leaving, I headed to the old shaman’s tent, asking for its location.
Swish.
The dark tent was filled with the smoke of incense.
A pungent, foul smell.
I walked towards the bed where the old shaman lay like a corpse.
And at that moment…
“…C-Chief?!”
The disciple shaman, whom I had seen once before, pushed the tent flap open and gasped as he saw me.
“No, no, no! There are so many things I still need to learn! Don’t kill me just because I eat a bit more than I should! I’m working hard, am I not?!”
Oh…
I just came to check up on him since I was passing by.
“Please… Even if he’s an old man on his deathbed, he’s my precious teacher…!”
In the end, I was forced to leave the tent as if I had been chased out.
***
Shavin’s administrative corps’ arrival gave me a little breathing room, but even so, I had no time to rest until the last day.
I was the master of Yandel’s noble house, the head of the Anabada Clan, and the chief of the Barbarian tribe.
I was busy preparing for the exploration, completing tribe quests, and getting scolded by Amelia for not coming home for a bit.
‘Next month will be busier than this…?’
Yeah, it probably will.
Next month, I need to attend the Melves assembly, a gathering of nobles from different races, and I need to start selling the land in the sanctuary.
‘It’s a good thing Melves held the assembly the day after the exploration…’
If the assembly had been this month, I would have had to take a day off from all this.
“Whew…”
It’s a bit depressing to think about all the homework piling up every day, but what can I do? I can’t ignore the daily quests, it’s in my nature.
Actually, I can’t quit in the middle of all this now.
“Chief, everything is ready.”
Ainar, the first elder, came in and called for me while I was taking a break in the tent.
[20:58]
Time’s up already.
I followed Ainar out of the tent, and it wasn’t long before we arrived at the location.
Whoosh-!
A clearing in the middle of a thick forest.
Instead of LED streetlights, flickering torches illuminate the dark night, and everywhere you look, there are muscular barbarians...
Thump.
This is where I first opened my eyes in this world.
Thump.
As I stepped into the clearing, which was filled with various weapons, the gazes of the young warriors fell upon me.
A look that seemed to be somewhere between excitement and nervousness.
‘…This feels strange.’
I glanced at the young warriors and then shouted as loud as I could.
“Congratulations! Young warriors!”
Just like I heard that day in this forest.
“From today onwards, you will leave the sanctuary and become true warriors!”
No need for long speeches.
“Now, one by one, come out and choose the weapons that suit you!”
Oh, of course, I added one line that was different from that time.
“Leather boots and two potions are provided as standard!”
It’s time to move towards a new era.
“Behel—raaa-aaaa-aaaa-aa-aaaa!”
The young warriors shouted their war cries, apparently pleased with the welfare system that started with this batch.
It wasn’t intentional, but this made it easy to find…
…the one warrior with a frozen expression and rolling eyes…
Slurp.
I involuntarily licked my lips as soon as I spotted him.
‘This is 100%.’
A newbie.
]]]