## Chapter 459: Raid (4)
The instant I lifted my hammer, I linked [Transcendence] and [Eye of the Storm] to pull the dagger-wielding man towards me.
Swoosh-!
His scrawny form was dragged in, a testament to the effectiveness of my surprise attack.
“...”
His frail neck was easily captured in my outstretched hand.
At that moment, Amelia called my name.
"Yandell."
Her voice carried a clear note of concern.
If she thought I was actually going to kill him, I felt a pang of disappointment.
He was hardly worth smashing his head in over.
I wasn’t a savage, after all.
Click.
This was just a performance, nothing more.
A performance tinged with a hint of genuine emotion.
"Uncle, we’re almost there.”
As anticipated, a group of explorers appeared from afar, their arrival swift as I gripped the dagger-wielder’s throat. 
“…What in the world are you doing! Baron Yandell!”
They knew my name.
Not that it surprised me.
They were likely listening in on our conversation through a message stone or some such device.
"Gahk...!"
The dagger-wielder writhed even more violently as I tightened my grip.
"Release him immediately, Baron Yandell!”
"Why should I?"
"No matter your noble status, there are limits! To harm an innocent explorer without reason... Do you believe such an act is permissible?”
The man’s words were riddled with hypocrisy.
Firstly, it was inappropriate for someone who had summoned a Tiered Monarch without permission to speak like that.
And secondly.
"Why is he innocent?"
I spoke loud enough for everyone to hear.
"This man is a traitor. He dared to threaten and insult a noble with a title bestowed by Laphdonia—a most audacious act!”
"Th, that’s absurd! When did this man ever do such a thing?"
"What? You dare to insult me as well now?”
"No, that’s not what I meant…"
The dagger-wielder’s struggles intensified with each passing moment, even as the conversation continued.
"Gahk, uff, eek…!"
He had more endurance than I initially thought.
I half expected him to pull a dagger from his waist and stab me.
‘He must know that escalating things further would only lead to more trouble.’
"L, let’s put down your hand first and talk. There’s clearly a misunderstanding, so if we just talk—”
I knew he wouldn’t attack me if I pressed him further, so I threw him towards his comrades.
"De, Deputy Commander! Are you alright?"
Ah, so this was the Deputy Commander.
The one who ascended after James Cala was dismissed.
‘…No wonder he held his ground until the end.’
His sense of responsibility for his clan was impressive. Still, I didn’t view him, or the rest of the Sawtooth clan, favorably.
"Now tell me. Exactly what part of this was a misunderstanding?"
The man who had yelled for me to release the dagger-wielder tried to respond, but the dagger-wielder stopped him and stood up.
Then, he…
"I sincerely apologize for upsetting Baron Yandell’s disposition. Please forgive me."
He offered an apology without any justifications.
"My reference to Count Alminus was a clear error on my part."
He was a shrewd man, indeed.
How did he manage to avoid every single one of my landmines?
“If you seek punishment, I shall gladly accept it upon my return to the city.”
At this point, it would be strange to say anything further.
He hadn’t insulted me directly, and his threat was merely implied.
This wouldn’t be enough justification to request an execution from ‘Mozlun’.
‘Once I’m in the city, Count Alminus will have influence there.’
If I press him then, I might be the one accused of threatening him for no reason.
Therefore…
"So you still stand by your previous words?"
I asked again, holding off on accepting his apology.
It wasn’t an apology or a punishment that I sought.
"As an explorer myself, I want to ‘contribute’ to resolving this situation as quickly as possible.”
“…I understand."
"Do you still intend to stop me?”
The dagger-wielder seemed to collect his thoughts before speaking again.
"With all due respect, what are your intentions regarding the resolution of this matter?"
He was essentially asking what I intended to do with the loot.
"We’re all explorers, aren’t we? Let’s roll the dice fairly."
“…As you say."
The dagger-wielder, who had been taking deep breaths as if he was sighing, finally responded.
"Then we’ll withdraw."
“…What?”
“They say that an unreliable companion is more dangerous than an enemy. Yet, we can’t stop Baron Yandell. Surely, if we fight alongside you against that wicked creature, we’ll only end up hindering each other and incurring greater losses.”
"So you’re just going to bail?"
"Yes. Baron Yandell, a hero of our time, is someone we can trust to handle this.”
Wow, what a prick.
"We will instead fulfill our duty by assisting the remaining low-tier explorers on the third floor."
In other words, he would rather overturn the table than share a spoon.
‘He’s really going to hold onto that table.’
The problem was that I had no way to stop him.
If today’s events were publicized, people might assume that I was being greedy and causing them to withdraw, leading to greater losses.
‘No, they will absolutely spin this narrative.’
"What say you?"
Ultimately, there was only one option available to me.
"I will leave Liakis to you."
I was disappointed that I couldn’t get a spoon, but what could I do?
The boss had to be defeated as quickly as possible.
Who knows how many more people would die if I just left him alone?
"Then, this concludes our discussion."
I left him with one final statement as I observed him, eager to return to his group.
"But keep this in mind."
“...”
"If you fail, you will be held accountable. It was your decision to refuse my aid.”
His reply came after a brief pause.
“...Indeed, we shall."
Oh, he’s not even listening, is he?
***
After resolving the Tiered Monarch issue, I left the reed field without a second thought.
Why would I stay and watch?
「The Monarch of Chaos, Liakis, is absorbing the power of the primal essence.」
If Liakis eats all those orbs and unleashes a one-shot kill attack, it will only cause unnecessary trouble.
While it’s not difficult to dodge a one-shot kill area-of-effect, there’s a chance that one of us might be designated as a ‘target’.
‘Then they’ll blame us for the failure, too.’
It was clearly better to make a clean getaway.
“Bjorn! So where are we going?”
“Anywhere there are people.”
“…Huh?”
“Because, looking at the situation, this raid is going to take a while.”
Amelia chimed in with interest as I spoke.
“Hmm, is there evidence to support that assumption?”
“First, it’s the date.”
“The date?”
“Yes, if they were confident in their abilities to defeat him quickly, they wouldn’t have summoned him before the 13th.”
This was an unauthorized raid, after all.
The best course of action was to summon him before the dungeon closed, quickly defeat him, and then disappear.
Yet, they still gave themselves plenty of time?
This indicated that they were planning for a long-term battle.
“…Then what about the second point?”
“He had a Purification Torch on his belt.”
"A Purification Torch… That must be what you’re talking about. A number item from the 8,000s."
To be precise, it’s No. 8645, but anyway.
If all the raiders had it, they could bypass Liakis' second phase for free.
"But why is that a problem?"
"Because using it will inevitably lead to a protracted battle. While the overall difficulty decreases, it's an item that should never be used if you want to defeat him as quickly as possible…"
I quickly added a disclaimer, thinking that I might have blabbed too much.
“…Or so I read in a book."
“Ooh! Amazing!”
Thankfully, Einar didn’t seem to notice anything unusual. He’s always so nonchalant that he doesn’t even bother to be cautious anymore.
"Ahem… Anyway! This situation could potentially persist until just before the dungeon closure. We should try to rescue as many people as possible. Are you all alright with that?"
"Of course!”
"It’s definitely true… Even though the most dangerous Tiered Monarch is being held off by those guys, if this situation drags on, people will start to crack. I’m okay with it.”
“Since we can’t go up anyway, I don’t mind either… But why are you asking our opinions when you’ve already made your decision?”
“It’s a matter of procedure!”
Alright, everyone’s on board.
“…I, I agree!”
We immediately started exploring, and every explorer we met recognized me and asked for help.
Many of them were capable of dealing with a Chaos Spirit within the remaining time, but…
There were no exceptions.
"Hey, that’s Baron Yandell!”
"Bjorn Yandell, the giant…!"
"Y, you’re alive!"
They were expecting Liakis to be wandering around on the third floor.
They must have been terrified.
“B, thank you so much for rescuing us…!”
"Ooh! It's the Sub-Commander!!! The Sub-Commander is here to save us!!"
We spent about eight hours running around non-stop, and by the time we were done, we had gathered over a hundred people.
So I established a base camp in a suitable location.
I had decided that it was impossible to keep moving with so many people, but…
“Warriors, can you help me out?"
"Of course!!! Tell us what to do!!”
However, the number of people was insufficient to cover the entire base camp, so I assigned the barbarian warriors to guard the perimeter.
But why was this happening?
"Baron Yandell! We want to help, too! Can we do anything?"
“Me too! I want to help!”
Other explorers volunteered, creating a rotating shift system for automatic defense.
‘…This means we’ll have nothing to do.’
Since Liakis wouldn’t be reaching us anytime soon, I sent Erwen and Amelia out on a mission.
“Erwen, Emily. Can you do me a favor?"
“Yes! Just trust me!”
“…Being around you always ends up getting me into trouble.”
Their sole mission: to search outside the base camp and bring any stranded or isolated explorers to safety.
“Bjorn! What about me? What can I do?”
Sadly, Einar, who wasn’t capable of finding his own way back, was assigned to be the guard commander of the shelter.
And…
「Character’s fame stat has increased by +1.」
「Character’s fame stat has increased by +1.」
「Character’s fame stat has increased by +1… 」
「…」
「…」
Day 13, Day 14…
Time flew by, and the dungeon closure date quickly arrived.
***
"Uncle, I’m back!”
Erwen’s amber eyes were the first thing I saw after I woke up from a brief nap.
"You’ve worked hard. How many did you bring this time?”
"Thirty-one. I searched pretty far, but there were almost no people left in the vicinity."
"Alright. Get some rest."
“Yes."
“…You’re supposed to be resting?”
“Being here is resting, isn’t it?”
“….”
I had no response, so I checked the time.
[04:01]
The dungeon closed in about 18 hours.
The low-tier explorers, who had been trembling with fear, were gradually regaining their composure.
They must have felt reassured by the presence of a thousand explorers gathered in the shelter, supporting each other.
Yet, I was becoming increasingly anxious.
‘They’re still raiding….’
The source of my unease was the Tiered Monarch.
I had anticipated a long battle, but I hadn’t expected them to still be struggling this late in the game.
‘The Chaos Spirit disappeared a few hours ago. It’s likely that they finished the hardest part, the second phase.’
Then what about the raid?
I hoped that they had progressed smoothly despite their annoying nature.
If they failed and Liakis was now roaming around in his third phase, things would get terrifying.
“Huu…”
I wondered what had happened.
Feeling uneasy, I walked around the shelter, checking for any issues.
There weren’t any problems to speak of.
Of course, it made sense considering that the Chaos Spirits had stopped appearing.
“….”
After finishing my rounds, the entire team gathered for a meal.
The time was 6:30 AM.
Kuuung-!
We froze in place, mid-meal, as a tremor shook the ground.
“Bjorn, was that just now…?”
[Grrrrooooowwwwlllll-!]
Damn it.
"Th, the Tiered Monarch…."
"It’s here…"
"I, I heard that hundreds of people died in just one day last time…"
Panic and chaos spread through the crowd like wildfire.
I stood up, took a deep breath, and yelled as loudly as I could.
"Everyone, be quiet!!"
“...”
Ah, that’s better.
I activated [Gigantification] to make myself easily visible from afar, and I could feel the hundreds of gazes focused on me as they awaited my next words.
I quickly checked the information.
"Erwen, is he heading here?”
“…No."
Really? That was good news.
“….”
I scanned my surroundings, and my eyes landed on a man I recognized.
"Lewis Siyur!"
He was the mage I met in the Orc settlement.
“…Yes? Why, why me…?”
"You are in charge of this place, starting now."
“…Yes, yes? B, but…?”
I had a chance to chat with him briefly after the Tiered Monarch was summoned. He was quite sharp.
"So lead everyone away from here as quickly as possible."
"Th, then what about Baron Yandell?"
What a predictable question.
"I need to stop it.”
“Yes, yes? But, but, Tersia said it wasn’t coming here…?”
"So you’re just going to let it be?"
There weren’t just the people here on the third floor.
There were several times more explorers scattered across the various zones.
If Liakis, who had definitely finished his second phase, started roaming around, the damage would be catastrophic.
“Baron Yandell…?”
“Speak up if you have something to say.”
"You really are… exactly as I’d heard…"
What’s that supposed to mean?
"Take that as a sign of agreement."
I grabbed my hammer, headed in the direction Erwen had indicated, and my companions quickly followed me.
Thump, thump, thump.
I moved with a sense of urgency, and the low-tier explorers made way for me, ensuring they didn’t obstruct my path.
And…
“May the blessings of Laphdonia be with you…?”
They bowed silently towards us.
What, are they going to die?
“Lewis! What are you doing! Get them moving already!"
I addressed the mage I had assigned as the leader, but he didn’t reply.
He simply bowed from afar.
“….”
I felt a little awkward, so I picked up the pace.
Amelia teased me, asking if I was embarrassed.
Come to think of it, something felt off.
Why did I feel so uncomfortable?
You rarely saw high-tier explorers go to such lengths to protect low-tier explorers.
Especially a titled noble.
‘Well, I suppose a simple bow of respect is acceptable. It’s not like it costs them anything.’
My heart felt a little lighter after that thought.
Thump, thump, thump.
We left the shelter and started running.
However, I couldn’t help but feel a pang of regret.
‘If I’d known things would turn out this way, I should have insisted on interfering.’
After all, I could hold off a Tiered Monarch in his first phase by myself.
At worst, if I was designated as a target, I could just run a marathon until the dungeon closed and I’d be fine.
But from the third phase onward, things change entirely.
‘I thought this expedition would be fairly relaxed.’
Of course, it wasn’t as hopeless as with Ice Rock.
There were still some positives.
‘Third phase or fourth phase?’
If it was the third phase, I’d have no choice but to run like a living shield until the dungeon closed.
‘I hope it’s the fourth phase.’
If they reached the final phase and failed to defeat him…
[Grrrrrooooowwwwlllll-!!!]
I stopped in my tracks as Liakis appeared in the distance.
And I smirked.
‘His belly’s looking pretty flat.’
Yeah, this was doable.
"Everyone, get ready."
“…You said you would hold him off, but are you going to fight?”
But how could I resist the finishing blow?