## Chapter 461: Proof (1)
The time limit for the rampage pattern was approximately 10 minutes. After that time, Riakis would instantly recover, rendering all of Flare's efforts meaningless. 
However, 10 minutes was a reasonable time limit, at least by the standards of [Dungeon and Stone], where even more unreasonable situations were rife.
"Purification rate: 3%."
We needed to land one more powerful blow within the next 10 minutes. If we did, the boss fight would end without any additional patterns or phases. I wasn't in a hurry and focused on safety while finishing the final task.
But...
Zwung-!
Erwen's arrow, fully charged, pierced the air.
Was it because both her eyes had been upgraded?
It felt like she saw something and dodged it...
[…….]
Ah, please, just die already.
There's barely any time left.
"Purification rate: 7%."
My anxiety intensified with every exchange of attacks. 
Was it just me?
"Erwen! What are you doing shooting arrows at that spot?!"
"If you have a problem, then deal with it yourself!"
“……Behel—laaaah—!!!”
Ainar, as if it were a habit to blame the ranged DPS, roared and leaped high. He landed on Riakis' shoulder and brought his greatsword down on the beast's nape.
Screech-!
It still didn't cut deep enough.
Perhaps because of that, Ainar became greedy.
Hoo-ung-!
He swung his greatsword again, still balancing on Riakis' shoulder. 
The attack was ineffective.
"...Uwaack!!"
Riakis' tail, like a tentacle, wrapped around Ainar's waist and lifted him into the air.
Thankfully, Amelia, who was nearby, swung her dagger quickly and rescued him.
"Ugh, uwaack! ...Th, thanks..."
"Calm down, Barbarian. At least during battle."
"Ugh… I'm sorry!"
"Apologize to Erwen properly later. She contributed the most after Yandell."
“……Erwen! I'm sorry for nagging you about missing your shots!”
"...I didn't even care."
Amelia reprimanded Ainar, and Erwen, with a slightly awkward expression, accepted his apology.
It was a very desirable scene, even from a team leader's perspective.
However, I couldn't understand why they were doing this during combat.
Especially when we were already short on time.
"Get your act together and attack more!"
I yelled with a hint of irritation. As if they had finally come to their senses, they ended their conversation and focused on battle.
Kuu-ung-!
Riakis swung its front leg again.
Instead of receiving the full impact, I took a step back and diverted the force with my shield.
'It's still doable.'
I forcibly calmed my racing heart.
"Purification rate: 9%."
For now, our current condition isn't bad. 
It's true that our DPS' MP is running low, considering they've been dealing damage without any rotation for over 30 minutes.
That's all.
After all, the difficulty of this raid decreases significantly the moment we can hold this boss.
[Gruuu-ooo—!!]
Anyway, seeing Riakis roar again means it's almost 10% purified...
It's not a big deal.
Who cares about purification rates when the Cogtooth Clan is approaching?
"Erwen, how much time is left until your next attack?"
"About 75 seconds!"
Well, this is basically our last chance.
"Ugh-a-aa-ah-!!!”
I roared wildly and pressed myself closer to Riakis.
Normally, during these boss fights, we should periodically use [Savage Burst] to increase threat levels and prevent aggro from being lost.
Zheeeek-!
I could handle Riakis’ attacks with a step back and a block using my shield. 
But the DPS are different.
[Purification rate: 15%]
If we get hit by that front leg, even Ainar, who’s quite tough, wouldn't last more than a few hits.
That's the power of a Tiered Monarch's basic attack.
After all, why did I try to tank alone in phase 3 and run away?
Because unless it's a situation like phase 4, where physical damage is 100%, I can't tank alone without a priest or a mage—
"Sir!"
What? Already charged up?
It's only been 62 seconds?
"Here!"
It was a short exclamation without a subject, but I understood what she meant.
'Damn it.'
It's been less than three minutes since I first sensed them.
How hard were they running?
While blocking Riakis' attacks and scanning my surroundings, Erwen relayed the necessary information.
"Right!"
I moved my gaze to the right and saw a group of dozens of people, their size increasing in real time, approaching from afar.
Therefore...
Kuu-ung-!
I threw my shield and hammer onto the floor.
“……?”
Amelia, meeting my gaze, flinched. Then, her eyes widened as she saw me charging towards her with open hands.
Of course, you wouldn't see this kind of sight anywhere else.
Tada-dat.
I leaped off the ground and wrapped my arms around the giant monster's neck, going for a takedown.
And…
“Behel—laaaah—!!!”
Using the momentum from my charge, I swung onto the beast’s back while it was still standing.
Kwaa-ack.
I tightened my grip on its neck with all my might.
I call it…
“Behel—laaaah—!!!”
Giant Barbarian Choke.
It was similar to when I wrestled the troll on the 4th floor, but two things were different.
One, both the attacker and the target were several times larger.
And two...
'What the…'
I couldn't hold it perfectly like before.
[Gruuu-ooo—!!]
My legs, which were holding the beast's front legs, easily gave way as I tightened my grip. Of course, just because we’re similar in size doesn't mean we have equal strength.
"Vi, Viyoon!"
Riakis stood up on its hind legs, like a bipedal creature, and grabbed my arms, which were choking it.
'72 seconds.'
A battle of wills between the one who wants to hold on and the monster who wants to break free.
'73 seconds.'
I tried my hardest to hold on, but it was insufficient.
Ka-ga-ga-ack.
The wrist of my Lythinum armor, already half-damaged, crumpled like a can, and my arms, which had been choking its neck, loosened.
'74 seconds.'
But what’s going to happen now?
"It's too late, you little—."
75 seconds.
Finally, Erwen's charge was complete.
And this beast’s guard was conveniently down, as it was trying to break free from my grip.
'76 seconds...'
What? Why isn't she shooting?
I looked at her, feeling a wave of confusion, and saw Erwen with her bow drawn, frozen in place.
Well, thankfully, it wasn't a miscalculation of time.
"Shoot—!!!”
The instant I yelled urgently, a flash of light appeared.
Zwung-!
That’s what it looks like from this angle.
It’s like real thunder—
Kwaa-aa-aaa-aa-aa-ang-!
A powerful explosion momentarily knocked me unconscious. When I regained consciousness, I was rolling on the bare floor.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-beep-!
My ears were ringing.
But, well, it’s not like my ears are important anyway.
“The Chaos Monarch, Riakis, has cast [Corrupted Heart]."
I quickly got up and looked in the direction of the beast.
[—, ———————!!!]
The beast, its whole body blackened, howled in pain, but I couldn't hear the sound.
“The Corrupted Power is surging again."
Riakis' body, like a water balloon squeezed by a fist, was pulsating, rapidly changing in size.
Ainar and Amelia kept their weapons drawn, maintaining a distance from Riakis, as if they were on high alert.
Well, now that it’s over, they don't need to.
"The Ancient Pilgrim rejects the Corrupted Power.”
Riakis’ body, which had been undergoing a transformation like an unstable substance, began to swell up like it was going to explode.
Then...
Flash-!
A blinding flash of light burst forth, as if a nuclear bomb had exploded right in front of me. Though the color was dark red, it still emitted a brilliant radiance.
“The Ancient Pilgrim has perished.”
The light gradually faded, and my vision slowly returned.
Changes were happening simultaneously.
“———, ———!!”
The maze no longer glowed red.
Also...
“The Chaos Monarch, Riakis, has been defeated. EXP +100.”
“Tiered Monarch defeat bonus. EXP +15.”
In Riakis’ place, there were only particles of light, countless and shimmering.
“Achievement Unlocked.”
Condition: First Tiered Monarch Defeat.
Reward: Soul Power permanently increased by +50.
It truly meant the hunt was over.
“Achievement Unlocked.”
Condition: Defeat of the Chaos Monarch, Riakis.
Reward: ???
An odd feeling washed over me.
Although I had landed the final blow, I had personally defeated that monstrous creature, one I had been forced to flee from years ago, unable to even resist.
However, I had no time for contemplation.
The raid was over, which meant it was time for the rewards.
Swa-aa-aa-aa-aa.
I examined the shimmering light particles, which still resembled spring cherry blossoms.
What did I get?
Du-kun-!
My heart raced frantically.
Tiered Monarchs offer three rewards.
Tiered Relics, the equivalent of higher-tiered numbered items.
Tiered Stones, which can open a crack in the corresponding tier once.
And...
‘Please be essence, essence, essence, essence...!!’
Tiered Essence, which is more important than even Rank 1 essence in a way.
‘Tiered Relics are good, but essence!!’
As I prayed silently, the radiance of the light particles slowly dimmed, revealing what I’d been waiting for.
“No. 9999 Beginner's Luck has been activated.”
…It was essence.
Neither Tiered Relics nor Tiered Stones were dropped.
“Viyo—, —suga ——!!!!”
“——!”
Essence was dropped.
The problem was...
‘…Look at their faces.’
The members of the Cogtooth Clan, now close enough for me to see their expressions, had despair written all over their faces.
“———!! ———!!!”
They seemed to be yelling urgently at me.
Unfortunately, my hearing hadn't fully recovered yet.
Well, what now?
I didn't need to waste precious time thinking about it.
The moment I confirmed the essence, I started walking.
“Erwen!”
“—, —”
Erwen responded, but my hearing wasn't good enough yet to understand her.
Therefore…
“Se, —, jeohan— ————? —bodan, a——, —!!”
I grabbed Erwen’s delicate waist with both hands and lifted her up.
"Explanations later."
I tossed her away.
"...Kwek!"
I heard a strange sound as my hearing gradually returned, but I didn't mind too much.
She’s an experienced explorer, after all.
‘I feel a sense of déjà vu.’
I fed her the Goblin Essence just like this.
***
“Erwen Fornachi Di Tercia’s soul is deeply imbued with [Chaos Essence]."
***
“Oh, oh, oh….”
The first thing Erwen said after regaining consciousness and absorbing the Chaos Essence was this.
“Why, why give this to me…? Y, you should be the one—.”
That's what she was going to say back then.
I appreciate the sentiment, but she didn't need to feel that burdened.
"It was always meant for you anyway.”
To be precise, ever since she revealed she had contracted with all four of the great spirits.
The true value of this essence will be apparent then.
Well, I never expected to feed it to her so soon.
“But, this is, this is a Tiered Monarch’s essence…."
"Why? Are you going to leave me like you did with the Goblin Essence and run away?"
"No! Absolutely not! I would never do that!"
Okay, then that's that.
Anyway, Chaos Essence doesn't go well with Barbarians. Well, because it's so valuable, it’ll make her much stronger than eating a decent Rank 3 core essence…
Tiered Monarchs drop only one essence per character.
‘This can’t be erased at the Temple later, either.’
The Tiered Monarch I’ll consume is in the higher tiers.
So…
“Yandell.”
Now is the time to focus on the present.
And the Cogtooth Clan has just arrived.
“Yandell, Baron, what are you doing?!”
The dagger wielder, at the forefront, shouted as he arrived.
"I told you to stop first...!"
Well, now he’s not even addressing me politely?
“Ah, that. I didn’t hear it.”
“That's ridiculous—!”
“Even if I had heard it, I wouldn't have stopped.”
I decisively cut him off, and the dagger wielder stopped talking, staring me down.
Amelia called out my name softly.
“Yandell.”
“I know.”
The Cogtooth Clan members had surrounded us, as if to trap us.
It was a move they seemed to have mastered.
It wasn’t like the dagger wielder was giving them any orders. They must have done this many times before, enough for it to become second nature.
However, I didn’t cower at all.
“Malid Kebron, Vice-Captain of the Cogtooth Clan.”
“…Speak.”
"Do you even realize what you’re doing?"
The man confidently met my gaze and replied.
“What am I doing? We're just asking you, Baron. Why did you 'loot’ Riakis, the one we were targeting?”
“…….”
“As you know, Yandell Baron, a fellow explorer, in the maze, looters are not shown mercy.”
Well, I thought they’d eventually retreat if they saw the essence, but…
“Even if it's not something that benefits you much.”
You guys are really angry.