## Chapter 465: Proof (5)
The moment I rose from my seat, the clan heads who had been murmuring fell silent, all their gazes converging on me.  Their eyes, though in the same room, felt as if a wall separated us.  The baron with the beard, acting as their spokesperson, broke the silence.
“It seems Baron Yandel has something he wishes to say.”
There was no need for interpretation.  He was saying, “We’ll listen to what you have to say, but don’t expect us to change our minds.”
This sentiment seemed to be shared by the other clan heads.
*“Damn, it’s not like I’m trying to get rich off of this.”*
Thirty-one clan heads, each representing one of the thirty-one clans.  Of them, only the rabbit baron, currently sweating bullets in the organizer’s seat, could be considered an ally.
In other words, *“I need to convince fifteen of them.”*
Melbes now encompassed thirty-two clans, including myself.  A majority vote required seventeen, and we already had my and the rabbit baron’s votes secured.
“Baron Yandel?”
The rabbit baron’s voice, laced with apprehension, brought my contemplation to an end.
“First, let me be clear: this is not about my personal gain.”
This was the first point I had to address in order to convince these fifteen individuals.
“The proposal that Baron Lilivia has put forth is for the benefit of all of Melbes.”
As expected, a rebuttal came forth immediately.
“How is supporting Baron Yandel and his clan benefiting Melbes?”
“Because I’m different from all of you.”
“…?”
The baron with the mustache tilted his head in confusion.
“A nobleman’s power stems from his clan. However, my clan is just starting out. We have yet to even find a suitable place to settle.”
As I lowered my stance slightly in front of everyone, the doubt in their eyes deepened.
*“Alright, I think I’ve established the necessary momentum.”*
“But despite that, no true nobleman thinks I’m laughable.”
I continued.
“It’s strange, isn’t it? Even Count Terceserion, who refuses to even meet with anyone below the rank of a count, and Duke Kealrunes, both respect me and don’t dare to treat me disrespectfully.”
“….”
“Why do you think that is?”
“Well, isn’t it your reputation?”
“Wrong.”
Well, strictly speaking, it wasn’t entirely wrong.
Where did that reputation come from, though?
“It’s because of my strength.”
The giant, Bjorn Yandel.  A man who rose to the rank of baron solely through his own martial prowess.
“My reputation and status were earned only because I was strong.”
Therefore.
“This is why you need to support me.”
My argument took shape.
“Because when I grow stronger, my position will rise.”
“…?”
“I have no intention of being content with the title of Baron.”
Supporting me is supporting Melbes.
***
Thirty-one.  No, now thirty-two, different races united to form the Melbes alliance.
This alliance has two major weaknesses. 
One is the ostracism and suspicion they face from the existing aristocratic society due to being a group of different races.
And the second…?
*“The highest rank among them is a count.”*
Their maximum output was one count family.
“Help me, and I will grant you all your desires.”
However, my argument didn’t seem to resonate well with them. The response I received was lukewarm.
“We understand Baron Yandel’s ambition, but this, ultimately, is just a special privilege for a particular clan, isn’t it?”
*“Damn, this is when I need someone else.”*
Society works by someone pushing from behind and someone pulling from above.
*“But I think a few were actually interested in my story, so I’ll count it as a win?”*
I’d shown them enough passion and idealism. It was time to try a different strategy.
“Of course, that is not the only reason why you should support me.”
I continued.
“Melbes has yet to participate in any business related to the Labyrinth. If you consider it as Melbes supporting a clan, then there’s no real loss.”
Countless noble families sponsor explorer clans, not merely for show. Having clans under their command means they can exert influence within the Labyrinth at any given moment.  As this entire kingdom revolves around the Labyrinth, the importance of that influence goes without saying.
Melbes lacked such a clan.
“We understand what Baron Yandel is trying to say. But, the reason we haven’t gotten involved in Labyrinth business is not because we can’t.”
“Then why haven’t you?”
Feigning ignorance, I asked. Once again, the baron with the mustache kindly provided an answer.
“Because if we get involved in the Labyrinth, we’ll inevitably face opposition from the existing powers.”
It was essentially a similar strategy to their distancing themselves from the Sanctuary.  With their limited influence, they didn’t want to make any enemies.  That was the motto of Melbes.
But…
“But isn’t that a story that’s already over the moment I entered?”
The moment they accepted me, a famous explorer even before becoming a nobleman in Melbes, that strategy became void.
However, the baron with the mustache wasn’t one to be underestimated.
“That’s why this issue is even more dangerous. If official support continues, there will be no room for excuses. The outside world will think we’re using Baron Yandel to get involved in the Labyrinth, and that won’t benefit Baron Yandel at all.”
His answer, heavy with an unspoken refusal to provide any personal funding.
But if that’s all it took to make me back down, I wouldn’t have even started.
“Are they that scary?”
I asked in a provocative tone.  You need to throw in some spice to change someone’s mind.
The response was immediate.
“…That’s a pointless question.”
“Why is it pointless?”
“We simply make rational judgments. That’s what it means to lead a clan. To be responsible not just for myself, but for my children. And beyond my children, for my clan.”
The voice, a bit emotional, but not overly hostile. In fact, it felt almost like genuine advice from a senior to a junior.
Therefore, I needed to shake him further.
“It sounds to me like you’re just pushing the responsibility onto future generations.”
“There is no reason for you to slander my judgment.”
The baron’s voice finally hardened.
*“Damn, even though he always butts in, he’s a pretty decent guy.”*
A sense of guilt washed over me, but it was unavoidable.  I had to act, not just for myself, but for my team and my clan.
“You misunderstand.”
After all, I’d pushed enough, so it was time to pull.
“Baron Heskaira, I wasn’t intending to slander you. I was simply conveying the message that we need to actively build our strength now.”
“….”
“Isn’t that why you brought me in?”
I tried to soften the blow, but the baron with the mustache remained silent.  Instead, another voice chimed in from a different corner.
“I agree with Baron Yandel.”
Bwellyn, baron of the White Wolf clan.  At the age of thirty, he was one of the youngest clan heads among them.
“Everyone agreed that we needed change.”
As the rabbit baron had previously mentioned, there were many within Melbes who were dissatisfied with the current state of affairs. The moment the opportunity arose, they jumped at the chance to speak up.
“Ah, but that doesn’t mean I’m agreeing with this proposal. If we were still in our infancy, trying to establish ourselves, it wouldn’t be a bad idea. But, now? I think expanding our influence into the Labyrinth is worth trying.  During this war, we were just spectators while others earned their merits.”
Bwellyn’s words sparked a full-fledged debate.
“I agree with this point.  We were always relying on the Sanctuary’s power every time we needed an explorer.  It was a bit troublesome.”
“But is it really necessary to do this through Baron Yandel? We can gather explorers from our tribes and create a clan quickly.”
“Indeed… I heard Baron Yandel’s clan is still less than ten in size.”
“Yes.  It’s better to gather talented individuals from each clan, form a new clan, and support them together.”
*“Hmm, this isn’t good.”*
I needed to step in before I was pushed further away from the center of the conversation.
“You’re missing the bigger picture!”
“…Yes?”
“The war will be over by then!”
Why would those who prioritize safety be so eager to get involved in Labyrinth business?  It was all because of the war. Numerous clans had reaped massive profits through their sponsored clans.  But watching those profits from the sidelines, they had started to feel a pang of envy.
*“Oh…?”*
They had to have felt that way, right…?
“I’m not so sure. It’s too early to think about profiting from this war.”
“I share the same sentiment. We need to prepare for such events happening again in the future, but it doesn’t mean we should do it right now.  Hasty steps always lead to stumbles.”
Typical nobility.  Their characteristic mindset of focusing on the future was a problem.  With such a leisurely, complacent approach, how could they accomplish anything?  They’ve been like this for thousands of years, so no wonder things haven’t changed.
*“I need to change my strategy.”*
There were two options I could present to these future-oriented politicians.  Either I could appeal to their needs by showcasing my future value, or I could make their envisioned future look like a dumpster fire.
Naturally, I chose the latter.
“Foolish! While you waste time, the clans that have always looked down on you will grow stronger!”
You see, I was raised on negativity in politics.
“Look at the Chancellor. He’s using the war situation to expand his clan! He’s giving away positions that can only benefit his people!”
“But Baron Yandel, who earned his merit in this war, isn’t the Chancellor’s man, is he?”
“I’m an exception!”
I raised a controversial topic, to the point it could be considered outrageous.
“Look at the Chancellor’s son! He has neither name nor skill, yet he became a legion commander during the war and is being recognized for his accomplishments without even doing anything on the battlefield!”
“It’s a bit… to say that Terceserion’s junior heir is without skill.”
“Whatever.  This time, it was fortunate that it was me who became a baron.  But what if the war drags on?  There will surely be new noble families born, and those families will be under the control of the clans that sponsored them!”
“….”
“Will you just watch? If we intervene, it’s an opportunity for a new clan of interracial origin to emerge!”
Appeal to their desire.  But it was still not an easy task.
“…We can’t help it. It’s our fault for not being prepared for such a situation.”
“The war was an unprecedented event.”
“Frankly, I’m not even sure if this kind of event will happen again.  Perhaps it’s best to continue as we are…”
What the hell are these guys?
The rabbit baron, unable to watch me struggle any longer, stepped in and added his support. However, they couldn’t completely turn the tide of opinion, and voting commenced.
“The voting will now begin.  Those who support the official support of Baron Yandel and Clan Anabada, please raise your hand to express your opinion.”
The outcome was obvious.
*“I didn’t expect them to be this conservative.”*
I had no choice but to wait for another opportunity.
“I support this.”
Amidst the solemn raising of my and the rabbit baron’s hands, a voice broke the silence.  It was Baron Bwellyn, the White Wolf. He was one of the few clan heads who at least acknowledged the need for change.
*“…Oh?”*
Surprisingly, his support was followed by others raising their hands.
One, two, three, four…
By the time it was time to tally the votes, the number who cast their vote in favor had barely exceeded the majority.
“…Sev, seventeen clans have voted in favor. Accordingly, the official support of Baron Yandel and Clan Anabada is passed.”
Even the rabbit baron, a native of Melbes, couldn’t hide his astonishment.
However, my joyous emotions melted away as the discussion continued after the vote.
“We agree to provide support, but we oppose the use of Melbes funds.”
Regardless of whether they voted in favor or against, everyone placed restrictions on their support for me.  In the end, what I was given was too meager.
1. Loans using Melbes funds are possible (with interest and limits).
2. A Melbes Commerce building can be used as a clan house (at a discounted rate).
3. Acceptance of Melbes exclusive quests is possible.
The core of it all was point number 3.  If Melbes required my or my clan’s assistance, they would officially request it and pay an appropriate fee in return.
*“…They say starting is half the battle.”*
Yes, I’ll be satisfied with this for today.
***
After the meeting held at the rabbit baron’s home, I rode my carriage back home. After catching up on the sleep I had lost the day before, I left the house early the next morning.  My schedule was packed all month.
“Oh, Baron Bjorn… You’ve arrived…?”
“Good morning, Shavin Emur.”
“…Is it morning already?”
“….”
I went straight to the Sanctuary and began my duties as deputy chief.  I checked the progress of the real estate sales plan, which the administrative corps had been working day and night on as the deadline approached.  I also listened to and approved any matters requiring my authorization.
And, these duties as deputy chief didn’t end there.
“Oh, Bjorn! You’re here!”
“It’s not Bjorn, it’s the deputy chief.”
“…Alright, deputy chief!”
I checked with Ainar about how many warriors had returned alive after the recent Rite of Passage, whether there were any other issues within the tribe, and the general sentiment.
And…
“Me, me, the second elder…?”
“Don’t you want to?”
“Of course I do! I will! I will do it! Just tell me what to do!!”
I appointed Caron, son of Tharson, the warrior who had been betrayed by his comrades, found salvation in me, awakened, and ignited the Backpack Revolution, as the second elder.  Ainar alone couldn’t handle everything.  
A new month had begun, and preparations for the next month’s Rite of Passage needed to be made.  I didn’t have time to micromanage everything.  It was unfair to burden the already busy administrative corps.
Anyway, like that, one day, two days…
The busy days flew by, and a new day arrived.
The 5th of July, 157th year of the Great Reversal.
The day we dig for gold.