## The Lord of the Land (1)
About 30 minutes before the first real estate sale in Barbarian history was set to begin, my lips curled up in a smile at the good news Ainar brought.
“130 people gathered?”
“Yes! They’re all clamoring to know when the sale starts!”
The number of waiting buyers far exceeded my expectations. I quickly turned to the Barbarian Minister of Urban Development.
“Rick, what was the maximum number of plots we could sell?”
“73.”
A single plot was defined as 400 square meters. 
In other words, 121 pyeong…
‘The total area available for sale today is 8,833 pyeong.’
Thinking about Rick who had been measuring the land by himself, I could see his past struggles.
“But… is it really alright to calculate it like this? One plot…?”
“Don’t worry. Everyone will find this much easier.”
If the numbers were too large, the Barbarians would be prone to confusion. 
Of course, making a square with sides of 20 meters each, and defining it as one plot, was the easiest way to understand.
Although I plan to sell smaller and larger plots later, to offer more choices to consumers…
200 square meters would be half a plot.
600 square meters would be one and a half plots.
This way is much simpler, right?
“Anyways, we’ll only sell about 40 plots this time.”
“……Excuse me? You’re not going to sell them all?”
“It’s not the right time yet.”
I had prepared as much land as possible, just in case, but selling it all at once would disrupt my future plans.
“……Understood.”
Rick, who had worked tirelessly for this day, looked slightly disappointed, but there was no way around it.
The key to real estate is its future value.
“Alright, let’s go.”
After readjusting the lottery box to match the number of plots, we headed towards the designated location.
A forest near the outer gate, convenient for commuting to the city.
“Oh, it’s the Chieftain!”
“Hurry up and sell! I have plenty of money!”
Warriors who spotted me started to call out one by one.
I briefly acknowledged their greetings, while quickly scanning their equipment levels.
‘Average level 5.’
This means that they were essentially middle-to-upper-class warriors within the tribe.
Well, they’d need to be at this level to be able to purchase a plot, which is worth 2 million stones. Barbarians aren't known for saving money.
Ainar told me that some warriors even sold their cherished weapons just to buy land today.
“Greetings, warriors who didn’t miss this opportunity!”
I climbed onto the platform Ainar prepared and began my opening speech.
“Do you see those four yellow flags over there?”
“Yes!”
“The land within those four flags is what we’re selling today.”
First, I needed to explain the concept.
Some of these warriors might have come just to see the sights.
I needed to add a little incentive.
“What do you think? Isn’t it quite spacious? Even with over a hundred people, there’s still room!”
“Uh… I guess so?”
“Think about your inn room! You can barely fit a bed in there, but here, you could fit a hundred beds with ease!”
Of course, inn rooms have floors, walls, and roofs.
Not something I needed to discuss here.
“Oh, I see. Now that you mention it, it does seem spacious!”
Good.
“Yes, it’s a large plot of land! You can build a house here, and use the yard as a training ground. Oh! Since this is private property, you can even use abilities that are forbidden within the city!”
“……Private property?”
“It means it’s completely yours!”
“……Wow!”
The warriors gasped in surprise, as if the term “private property” sounded impressive.
“Oh, by the way, in the city, you’d need hundreds of millions of stones to buy a piece of land this size. Even then, only nobles can purchase it!”
I boldly skipped over the fact that this was only applicable to the Imperial City of Carnon, and continued to stir the warriors’ desire to buy, by continuing with similar stories.
And when I decided the time was right…
“Ahem!”
I cleared my throat and moved onto the main point.
“Anyways, we’re selling forty plots of land today. All the same size as this one!”
“Forty plots? But there are over a hundred of us!”
The Barbarians, who had been summoned since morning, and whose desire to buy had been fueled by my speech, complained about the insufficient supply.
However, I stayed bold and said,
“Don’t grumble! Land is precious, so we could only prepare forty plots! If you don’t want to buy, don’t!”
Low supply means the seller has the advantage.
The warriors shut their mouths like fools, and I continued as planned.
“From now on, you’ll come up one by one and draw a lot! Those who draw a black lot will have the chance to purchase land!”
I divided the 130 warriors into six groups and they started drawing lots in turn. Soon, their hopes were dashed or fulfilled.
“It’s black! I got a black lot!!”
“Wh, white! This is unfair! I was at the back of the line so I got this! Let me draw again!!”
Even if they protested, there was no way to change the results.
After the lottery was over, the winners were sent to Rick Anderson, a member of the Administrative Corps, to pay and purchase the land.
“Hey human… I can’t read.”
“It’s alright. It’s the land the Chieftain sold, right? Don’t worry.”
“……Right?”
The land documents stated that ownership could only be passed down to a Barbarian, and if there was no designated heir, the ownership would be transferred to the tribe.
But even that was a minor detail.
“Alright, sign here?”
The Barbarians smiled brightly and dipped their fingers in ink, leaving their marks on the paper.
And…….
‘Selling land in this barren wasteland for 80 million stones….’
Given that a coming-of-age ceremony costs an average of 10 million stones, I could easily afford to hold nine more ceremonies with this amount.
“Hey! What are you doing! This land right here is mine! Get out!”
“S, sorry! I just wanted to look around for a bit… ”
“Tsk, just for a little while. You got it? Don’t even breathe if you can help it.”
“Yes!”
The warriors who purchased land began setting up their tents on their own plots with glee, while those who failed to purchase watched enviously.
“Vuk’an, son of S’hrib! Would you sell me your land for 100,000 stones more?”
“Hmm, 100,000 stones…?”
The situation I was hoping for was already unfolding.
Well, in the end, the deal didn’t go through.
“Sorry, but that’s not enough.”
“Is that so… Alright. If you change your mind, come find me.”
The warrior easily backed down, as if giving over 100,000 stones more as a premium was a bit much for him.
It was all fine.
“Ainar.”
I quietly called out her name, and Ainar nodded with determination in her eyes before silently disappearing behind me.
I looked at the spot where she vanished and let out a heavy sigh.
“Huu….”
I can’t stop now.
***
The day after the forty plots were completely sold.
A rumor spread through the sacred ground.
“Did you hear? Vuk’an, son of S’hrib, sold the land he bought yesterday for 3 million stones!”
“He made a million stones for free in less than a day!”
“What?! Is that true! A million stones! If you add a little bit more, you could buy a  Lythium armor! The one the Chieftain likes to wear!”
The plot that was sold for 2 million stones just the day before had doubled in price.
Of course, it wasn’t a normal transaction.
“Is he crazy? What’s wrong with his head? The Chieftain does have a point, but still. To pay such a high price……?”
“So, who is it? The one who bought that land?”
The buyer’s name was Seyric, the second son of Vutol.
He was a member of the “Comrade Association”, an organization within the tribe created by the Second Elder, who spearheaded the Backpack Revolution.
“…I heard he made a lot of money from stealing backpacks. I didn’t know he had that much money!”
I had secretly provided funding after I heard from Carnon that he was a man of few words, particularly about this.
I did it for one reason.
“But… maybe the Chieftain’s words are true……”
No matter how much I preach, not all my brethren will value the land as highly.
“Ah, you mean that he said it would be too expensive to buy later?”
“Yeah! They’re going to sell more land this month, so I’m thinking about participating this time.”
“Hmm, I thought you said you don’t need land. Changed your mind?”
“I still don’t need land! But think about it. If you just buy it and sell it later, you’ll get a good weapon for free! You should buy one too!”
“Well… I think it’s better to just save up and buy a weapon! At least you can use weapons in battle. You can’t do that with land.”
Well, there were still many warriors who wouldn’t open their hearts to the idea, but that was only a matter of time.
2 million stones sold for 3.5 million the next day.
3.5 million sold for 3.7 million the day after. And 3.7 million sold for 4 million the following day.
All by the hands of our “Comrades”.
“……Wh, what are you saying?! Why would you buy land for that kind of money?! Ar, are you all crazy?!”
The sacred ground began to buzz after only three days.
“Why won’t you sell! I’m offering you 4 million stones!”
Some Barbarians made a hasty move to buy the land, but none of the land owners were willing to sell.
Of course, they weren’t fools.
“I can sell it for a higher price tomorrow, why would I sell it now?”
“Th, that… ”
The land was indeed sold for 4 million stones the next day, and the warriors’ eyes lit up upon witnessing this.
It wasn’t because they were foolish.
Even modern people who have learned about economics have been driven mad by such frenzy.
“4.3 million! 4.3 million for it!”
It was a change that happened in just four days.
The market had become so active that our “Comrades” didn’t need to intervene anymore. However, I instructed Carnon to continue buying until all the 50 million stones I had provided to the Comrade Association were used up.
It was a sum that amounted to 2/3 of the total profit, but I didn’t feel any regret.
‘I’ll be able to sell the next plot for 6 million stones, and it’ll still sell out.’
The reason for the price increase?
It’s easy.
It’s naturally more expensive since it’s further inland than the land we sold before.
They’ll buy it regardless of the price.
As long as they buy it, the money will be copied?
‘Alright, I guess I can just leave this to them… ’
I was about to finish cleaning up and leave the Chieftain’s tent when Rick Anderson, who was handling real estate, called out to me.
“Isn’t this strange?”
“What do you mean?”
“The land price, I mean. I don’t see any reason for it to go up. Isn’t the land in the sacred ground vast? Mathematically speaking, everyone could have a plot even after giving one to each member.”
“Hmm, is that so?”
“Yes. Those warriors who bought land now will all regret it. Maybe you should stop them, sir?”
“Well, if they want to buy it, why would I stop them?”
“Well, I guess that’s true.”
“Anyways, I’m leaving now!”
Huu, how long has it been since I last got off work?
I’m going to get an earful from Amelia and Erwen.
Thinking that, I ran back home as quickly as I could, but surprisingly, there were no complaints.
“Emily, Erwen! I’m home—.”
“Read it.”
Amelia tossed me a ripped envelope.
“A letter from Moslan.”
“……Huh?”
I felt an inexplicable sense of unease, but I began reading the letter.
As befitting the role of a sort of police force for nobles, the letter was written in a formal way, unnecessarily long, but I only needed to read three lines to understand.
[…This is a matter officially requested to the Moslan Dispute Committee by the Alminus Count family, acting as proxy for the Sawtooth Clan….]
Who filed the report.
[…Therefore, they request 2,135,000,000 stones, half the value of the chaos lord Riakis’ essence….]
What they want from me.
And…….
[…Lord Bjorn Yandell, you must visit the Moslan headquarters within 15 days of receiving this letter.]
The deadline.
Sziik, sziik.
I tore the letter into pieces and swallowed them after finishing reading.
‘I wouldn’t have even seen a subpoena in the real world, but I get one here.’
It was ironic, but I wasn’t scared.
I’ve been here for four years now.
‘Count Alminus…….’
I hadn’t lost yet.
Not to someone with a lot to lose.
]]] 