## The Pact (2)
The Chancellor of Laphdonia and its second-in-command, Duke Tercesilion, had long been a source of my worry. After all, it was this man who, with a smile on his face, had tricked me into joining a suicide expedition. He would surely view me as a thorn in his side. 
“There were a lot of things he did that didn't make sense, though,” I thought.
One prime example was my “ennoblement.” As a Duke with immense power, he could have easily stopped it if he wanted to. However, my ascension to the nobility was approved and carried out with remarkable ease. He was also suspicious in his decision to have his daughter, Ragna, oversee the “Evil Spirit Integration Policy.”
The Duke was a man shrouded in mystery. But…
“I’ll get to the point,” Baekho said, and his words started to unravel some of my lingering doubts. “The reason the Duke announced that Bjorn Yandel was an Evil Spirit and implemented the integration policy… well, it was all because of me.”
Baekho had devised a plan to bring the Evil Spirits into the light, using my reputation. It was a ridiculous plan, yet it held a certain plausibility. Ragna, for example, had become genuinely committed to the policy due to the improved public perception of me. There was no one more suitable to champion the idea that good Evil Spirits existed, than myself.
“Why do you want the Evil Spirits to rise?” I asked.
“Players need to grow stronger so we can take down the royal family together, don’t we?” 
Baekho’s goal was to overthrow the royal family. He had been thinking about this for a long time, believing that dismantling the royal family was crucial to breaking through the 10th floor.
“And the Duke? Why would he agree to this? There’s no reason for him to fulfill your demands.”
“Ah, about that? I blackmailed him.”
“Blackmailed…?”
“Yes. The Chancellor’s son is a player, you see.”
I was genuinely shocked.  No wonder he had been so nonchalant about using the royal family’s name. He had a powerful backer. 
“Starting off as the direct descendant of a noble family? That’s some hardcore power-leveling,” I thought. It was the kind of story that would send players who started in Noirarc into a fainting fit from envy. 
It wasn’t something I needed to worry about right now, but…
“The Duke feared that his son being revealed as an Evil Spirit would cause him trouble. So, my blackmail worked.”
Baekho’s threat had pushed the Duke to protect his son.
“He needed time,” Baekho continued. “He didn’t have any other children. If the heir disappeared, it would leave only the Duke.  Imagine what his relatives would think…”
“They’d probably start calculating their place in line for succession.”
“Exactly. While no one would attempt to assassinate the Duke, the entire faction would be shaken.”
“But wouldn’t it be better to simply pass on the title to another relative, rather than handing it over to an Evil Spirit?”
“Like I said, the Duke needs time. I’ve heard he’s been pushing himself hard every night, hasn’t he?”
This was information I didn’t really want to know. The man was pushing himself hard… at his age? Was this a last-ditch effort?
“Perhaps bringing Ragna here was a kind of Plan B…” I thought to myself.
As I pondered this, Baekho suddenly apologized.
“By the way, sorry, Hyung. The Duke sending you on that expedition… it was probably my fault.”
“What are you talking about?”
“If you had survived and returned, it would have ruined my plan to carry out the Evil Spirit Integration Policy. You would have proven to everyone that you weren’t an Evil Spirit.  So, he probably tried to get rid of you. Silently.”
However, that attempt had failed. Bjorn Yandel had returned and publicly declared that he was no Evil Spirit.
“He contacted me afterward, saying that there was nothing he could do about it.”
Baekho felt it was ambiguous to say it was the Duke’s fault, so he decided to exclude the man from his future plans. The Duke had already been publicly declared not an Evil Spirit. He was no longer a card he could play.  But…
“He asked me if I could kill you. He couldn’t explain the details, but he felt you would become a major problem in the future.”
I felt a chill run down my spine. He was plotting that kind of scheme immediately after I returned.
“I told him I’d think about it,” Baekho continued. “The conditions he offered were quite good.”
“So that’s why you said it was lucky that you learned about this now?”
“Ahahaha… You’re really sharp, Hyung.”
I had almost died. Without even knowing it.
“But in the end, we found out you’re our Hyung. I’ve already told the Duke properly. I said no to his request. And I told him not to touch Bjorn Yandel ever again.”
“…”
“How about it?  I think I paid the deposit upfront, don’t you?”
It was hard to deny. It meant that the Duke wouldn’t be able to directly harm me until his son’s issue was resolved. 
“At least I’m safe for now…” I thought.
This was an unexpected gain, but I tried to keep a calm facade.
“So? What else do you have?”
The moment you feel satisfied, you lose your share.
***
Baekho proudly presented the other options he could offer, apart from the upfront deposit. However, most of them were ultimately not very useful.
“If you want someone killed, just tell me. I’ll make sure they’re obliterated!”
“Really? Then kill the Duke for me.”
“Oh, I can’t do that… He’s got a resurrection item that brings him back to life in the royal palace.”
“Resurrection? What’s that?”
“Ah, you wouldn’t know.  It’s not in the game, is it?  Anyway, it’s a royal treasure that the Duke is currently holding.”
“What about Count Alminers?”
“That guy’s always got that dragon by his side, so it’s tough.  He’s specialized in defense… I could probably break through eventually, if we had enough time. But inside the city… that’s a bit tricky.”
What the hell?
He was confidently bragging, but…
“So who can you actually kill?”
I thought asking this would be the fastest way to get an answer. I asked with a gentle tone, but Baekho looked down, mumbling.
“Seriously… the people you’re asking about are just… why do you always pick those guys…”
Of course, Baekho didn’t stay down for long. He quickly recovered and spoke with his usual energy.
“Ah! What about this? I heard you’re going on a Dreadfear raid, right? I could help you —”
“I don’t need you.”
“What? You don’t?
“It’s going to attract attention, right? Do you really need everyone to know we’re friends?”
“Um, what if we disguised ourselves?”
“No. I can handle it without you.”
“…”
Baekho’s speech was lost. I might as well just tell him what I need.
“How about some money?”
“How much do you need?”
“About 1 billion stones?”
“Th, that much? Even I don’t have that much…”
“How about 500 million stones?”
“I don’t have that much on hand right now…”
“100 million stones.”
“I’ve had a lot of expenses lately…”
What the hell? Does this guy have less money than me?
“Then give me some gear.  What Number items do you have right now?”
“Uh, they’re all Core items, so I can’t give you those.”
What exactly does this guy want?
No money, no gear.
“Baekho, do you know what a water rocket is?”
“…”
Baekho was silent.
“How about essences? You could gather some for me. Like, Belarios, for example.”
“Hyung, that place is a warzone right now…”
“Baekho, you always look for reasons why something won’t work, don’t you?”
“Oh, fine!  I’ll do it.  I’ll start gathering when we enter next time!”
Come on, you can do it, so why are you pretending to be helpless?
“I never thought I’d be able to skip the Belarios grind,” I thought.  Not bad. 
Now for the next option.
“Baekho, I have a few questions for you.  Will you answer them?”
“Yes! Anything!”
“How did you find out I’m Bjorn Yandel?”
“That? Thanks to the GM.  They called me right after your ban was lifted. They told me you blackmailed me into lifting your ban, right?”
What the hell… Was that really a thing?
“I was so surprised when I heard that. I had no idea Hyung was like that.  I couldn’t understand, so I pretended to be on your side and tested the waters, and the GM started dropping hints.”
The GM was just as gullible in front of Baekho as they were with me.
“Hyung, you wear a “Lion” mask at the Round Table, right?”
Starting with the fact that I’m active at the Round Table as the Lion…
“I was fine with that part. But then, suddenly, they asked me this…”
They blurted out the most important part.
“They asked me what the reason you were missing for over two years was, and what we were plotting together.  They asked me indirectly…”
Baekho smirked.
“That’s when I knew.”
It was natural for him to figure it out.  The long absence of the Hunter, and Bjorn Yandel’s return at the exact same time.  Even at the Round Table, there were some people who suspected me because of this.
“I see.”
I didn’t want to hear more about the GM, so I moved on to the next question.
“So, when the Imperial Palace burned down, what was your deal with the Doombringer?  You two disappeared together.”
I had been secretly wondering about this.  What had happened between them that they’re now allies?
“Ah, that?”
Baekho shrugged.
“Nothing special. They said they were an Evil Spirit from another dimension, that their goal is to open the Abyssal Gate, and that we should be friends in the future.  I needed a mage, so I accepted without hesitation.”
“Oh, really?”
I tried to sound nonchalant.  It was simple.  Just like Baekho had immediately figured out that I was lying, my instincts were screaming at me.
“Yes. I was worried they were getting old and losing their teeth, but they’ve still got skills.”
Baekho.
Why the hell…
“Hmm, really?”
Was this guy lying to me? 
***
A skilled liar hides their lies within the truth.  If that logic holds true, most of Baekho’s words were likely facts. Therefore…
“What’s our plan for the future? It’s simple! We join forces and we go “bam bam” with the royal family or the Labyrinth.  Ah, kidding.  Anyway, here’s the thing —”
I threw out a random question, and while Baekho answered, I meticulously analyzed every word he’d said before.
[They said they were an Evil Spirit from another dimension.] 
This is a fact I know.
[Their goal is to open the Abyssal Gate.]
This is also true. 
[That we should be friends in the future.]
It’s likely they actually wanted to collaborate.  Otherwise, there would be no reason for them to move together. 
Yes, if that’s true, then…
[I needed a mage, so I accepted without hesitation.]
This is the only remaining possibility.
Based on this, I reached the conclusion.
“Baekho’s alliance with the Doombringer wasn’t driven by the need for a ‘mage.’ ”
There was another reason. The important part was that Baekho was keeping it from me. Why?
“Because it was information he didn’t want me to know.”
I had momentarily let down my guard because of Baekho’s clumsiness, but that was quickly replaced by a surge of vigilance. 
Baekho. This guy is not to be underestimated. 
“What else is he hiding?”
Thinking about it, Baekho hadn’t actually given me much. He’d only made a promise to gather essences for me after I’d nagged him, and he had agreed to return Misha to me.
“…This guy’s got a lot of ulterior motives. Was he actually trying to help me at all?” 
I really had no idea.
“The royal family’s the biggest problem in this plan.  Players are still hiding in the shadows, so there’s no outside support.  We need to bring everyone to the light—.”
Baekho. Are you my enemy, or my ally? 
***
We talked for a while longer, but then Baekho’s time to log out arrived. He was still subject to the one-hour logout limit. 
“Hyung, when you see the GM next time, can you ask them about this? They must have taken the initial type of pills when they first entered, right?  Can you ask them if there’s any way to extend our stay?”
“Got it.”
“Okay.  I’m going to log out then!  See you later!”
Baekho left before I could even ask him about the “record stone.”  It felt strange to say this, but things were going well for now.  I decided to focus on getting Misha back before digging deeper into Baekho’s secrets.
“Oppa, how’d the talk go?”
After Baekho left, I spent some time chatting with Hyunbyeol, who had been waiting outside.
“Oh, it went well, thanks to you.”
“Don’t get too close to him. He’s not trustworthy.”
“I know.”
“That’s good to hear.  Actually, I was testing him when I asked you about Oppa.”
“Testing?”
“Yeah, he was trying to act like he knew about Oppa’s identity.  I wanted to see how tight-lipped he was.  He was pretty clever, though.  He didn’t say anything in the end.”
“I see.”
It was hard to believe she was actually testing him, but there was no evidence to the contrary, so I just let it go. 
And then, after a while…
“Hyunbyeol, I’m going to log out now.”
I gathered myself and stood up.
“You always log out around this time.”
Well, the Round Table meeting always starts at this time.
“See you again.”
“Yes, Oppa.”
After leaving the chatroom, I entered the Round Table immediately.  I put on my usual navy blue suit and covered my face with the Hunter’s mask.  All set. 
I walked down the empty hallway toward the main room where the meeting was being held.  
But what is this?
“Hahaha! Fox, long time no see!”
In the Round Table’s room, there were new masks besides the familiar ones.  And they were…
“Oh, that’s Lion, right?  Nice to meet you!”
“…”
“Helloooo… ”
Three of them.
]]]