## Chapter 471: Allies (3)
Fox, Goblin, Jester, Queen, Stag, Crescent Moon. And me, making a total of seven, was the number of people who had been attending these gatherings for a long time. Then, new masks joined us.
"Oh, you must be the Lion, right? Nice to meet you!" said the Wolf mask with a sly voice.
"..." replied the black mask, devoid of any particular features.
"Hello…" trailed off the Butterfly mask, a youthful voice.
As I looked around, Fox astutely explained the situation.
"This Wolf here was active before you, Lion."
"Haha! I've been busy since the Master disappeared, so I just came to see what was going on when I remembered about this place."
"Fiddlesticks, I thought you were dead! How did you manage to survive?"
"Ha! The Jester's words are as sharp as ever!"
Okay, so Wolf is a returning member. 
I gestured, and Fox continued to explain the other two. 
"These two… I've never met them before today."
Right, Black and Butterfly are newbies. 
Since Fox, who has been a member of the Roundtable the longest, said so, there's no doubt about it. However, the problem lies elsewhere.
"Newbies at this time..."
They seem a little suspicious. After all, the last newbie, Queen, had joined without an invitation, with the help of the GM. In essence, a newbie joining the Roundtable with a direct invitation from the ‘Master’ hasn’t happened in years.
"Anyway, we've met now, so let's introduce ourselves! I've already met Queen long ago—huh?"
The Wolf, as if wanting to shake my hand, extended his arm. I ignored him and took my seat.
"Haha... well, what's the point of introductions anyway!" said Wolf, awkwardly returning to his own seat.
"..." Black remained seated, showing no interest in us.
"...Uh, ahem..." Butterfly coughed awkwardly, averting his gaze when his eyes met mine. 
And then...
*Woong-*
The Roundtable's door shut, signaling the start of the meeting. A peculiar silence descended upon the room. I suppose it's natural for both the existing members and the new ones to be taken aback by the sudden appearance of new members.
*Gulp.*
Goblin's swallow sounded especially loud in the room.
"Well… now that the Lion has arrived, why don't we continue the conversation we left off earlier?" Queen finally stepped forward, after observing the situation for a while.
"I understand about Wolf, but I'm curious about how the other two came here. Butterfly, and… what should I call you?"
Queen was trying to clear up the names before discussing anything else. Black replied in a low tone.
"...Black."
It was a little difficult to discern due to the low tone, but it was definitely a woman's voice.
"Black… alright. So, Black and Butterfly, how did you get here? Did you happen to meet someone called ‘Master’?"
"Ehehe..." Butterfly laughed awkwardly, while Black replied in a cold voice.
"Why should I answer that question?"
With Black taking the lead, Butterfly chimed in.
"Yeah, Black is right. Asking about each other's identities… isn’t that against the rules of this place? Hehe."
Butterfly, with his wide grin, was speaking his mind without any reservation.  He wasn’t done yet.
"You can’t become a real queen just by wearing a Queen mask. Hehe."
"………What did you say?"
"Eh? Nothing!"
Queen was speechless, trembling with rage at the Butterfly's innocent-sounding voice.
It was a very impressive sight.
"Wow… This one's not so simple either, unlike the first impression."
I wondered if the others also had the same first impression.
Suddenly, the Jester burst into laughter.
"Haha! Puahahahaha! Oh dear… we have a new interesting member here!"
"Thank you…."
"Fiddlesticks."
"Hehehe..."
The two seemed to be quite compatible. I guess like attracts like? It was a world I didn’t want to understand.
"Just a piece of advice, be careful with your words here. Only the Lion should be watched out for."
"Hee… is that so?"
"You’re not asking why?"
"Well… you can tell just by looking at him that it's not someone you want to mess with…?"
Butterfly said that, glancing at Queen.
For some reason, I could hear his unspoken words.
For instance, "Unlike that guy, you know?"
"...Ha!"
Queen snorted, as if she had reached the same conclusion as me.
Of course, Butterfly didn’t care.
"So, when will we start…? I’ve been really looking forward to today…."
As Butterfly urged the start of the meeting, the existing members’ gazes turned towards me.
It’s a matter of confirming my decision first. They’re asking if I’m okay with these unidentified newbies joining the gathering.
My answer was already decided.
After all, I have no authority to kick them out.
"It'll be interesting."
I'm also curious about them, to be honest.
"Haha, it feels exciting to be back here after so long."
"..."
"Heh… so, who should we start with? The first time is always a little intimidating…."
Who exactly are they?
***
The Wolf, a returning player.
The Black mask, with secrets to spare.
The Butterfly, a master of the Sound Blade.
All three members were suspicious, even if the Wolf, a returning player, was the least so compared to the unidentified Black and Butterfly.
"Since you’re back after so long, Wolf, you’re not even asking about the Master?"
Queen asked, as if she had been thinking the same thing as me.
"Haha, that man’s fine wherever he is, wouldn't you say?"
"Hmm, is that so?"
“…But, why don't we decide on the order first? Oh, I don’t mind, as long as I’m not first.”
Ha, why are they so suspicious?
I have a feeling that old man Auriel Gavise, who used to be the Master of the Roundtable, has sent them to do something shady.
Not all three, but at least one of them.
"The most likely candidates are Black and Butterfly."
The newbie entry route itself is limited these days.
You either enter like Queen with the GM’s authority, or like me, with an old invitation code.
It’s essentially those two options. But if it was Auriel Gavise, the Master of the Roundtable, he still has plenty of codes in his possession.
"It’s also possible that Queen brought her own people in secretly and is pretending to be clueless."
For now, everything is just a possibility.
So…
“Let’s just go with the usual tradition and have Wolf, who’s sitting beside Lion, go first. Fiddlesticks."
I have to keep an eye on them for now.
Until they make a mistake and reveal something.
"Tradition? What tradition? That wasn’t a thing before—."
"Wolf, things have changed while you were gone. What, you don’t like it? Then just leave."
The Jester’s strong words made Wolf hesitant.
"Kreh-um…."
"Fiddlesticks, I thought you just happened to drop by for a visit, but you don’t look like you can just leave. Did you hear something about this place, maybe?"
The Jester was also subtly probing for clues, it seemed...
"Haha, it’s good to see familiar faces again, but I can't leave just yet. It’s not like it’s anything difficult, being first. What, rules have changed since I was gone? Then I have to follow them, of course."
Wolf laughed cheerfully and started his turn.
"Alright, I’ll go first."
What should I do…
After a moment’s contemplation, Wolf finally opened his mouth.
"The reason I'm here again is that I recently learned something truly astonishing. But I had no one to tell it to—."
"Wolf, you’re still talkative, aren’t you?"
Jester interrupted and gave him a look, urging him to get to the point.  Wolf laughed awkwardly, cleared his throat, and spoke in a low voice, briefly stating.
"Auriel Gavise is the Master of the Roundtable."
An awkward silence immediately fell over the Roundtable.
It was simple.
"Isn’t that surprising? That man, who brought us all here and taught us all sorts of knowledge, is the one who created [Dungeon & Stone]—."
That's what Queen had revealed last month.
"...Huh?"
Wolf flinched as a red light flickered in the gem.
"Why…."
"Why, indeed? It means it’s information that most people know. What, you forgot because you were gone for so long?"
"..."
"Why don’t you try something more interesting than that boring information?"
It was a little funny to see Jester like this, who had been shocked by the information last month.
Thanks to this, one thing is certain.
Wolf didn’t know the internal situation of the Roundtable.
If he did, he wouldn't have brought up last month's information.
This could also be interpreted as meaning that he isn’t in league with any of the existing members.
Well, it could also be a deliberate act.
"Hoo… alright, I’ll try again."
Wolf sighed and then revealed another piece of information.
"It was the royal family who brought the players into this world, and Auriel Gavise’s goal is to help the players escape from this world."
After a pause, Wolf continued as soon as the gem lit green.
"How about this one?"
No one responded immediately.
It was understandable.
Not only is this guy blatantly trying to connect himself to Auriel Gavise, but…
"...The royal family’s behind this? Is it confirmed information?"
It was shocking news.
There were countless rumors among the players, but no one had heard that the royal family was the one who brought us here. 
The royal family has no motive to do that.
But...
"Why would the royal family summon us and then hunt us down as evil spirits? It doesn't make sense."
Wolf cut off the Stag's question and drew a firm line.
"I can't tell you the details, but you can believe it. It’s the most reliable information, after all."
"Fiddlesticks, as if you spoke directly to the King yourself?"
The Jester tried to probe, but it yielded no results.
"Ah, if you’re curious, I’ll tell you next round."
"..."
"Hu-hu, next turn, then?"
It was the Fox’s turn next, and she revealed information about the war.
I didn’t really listen.
I already knew what she was saying, and...
"The royal family is behind this…"
I was still thinking about it.
Or rather, I should say that I was agonizing over the truthfulness of those words.
"Can I even trust this guy’s words?"
The gem was green, of course.
But it’s not enough to accept his words as truth.
The Roundtable system has loopholes.
If the speaker believes their words are true, the gem will glow green.
Which means...
"It’s possible that this is misinformation."
If so, the question now shifts to the next level.
How did Wolf come to believe false information to be true?
The truth is, it doesn’t really matter.
"Why did Wolf reveal that information at the Roundtable?"
The answer was hidden in the information itself.
"Because he wanted the players to hate the royal family."
The one who benefits the most from this information.
"Auriel Gavise gave Wolf false information and sent him here."
...Would that be an unreasonable leap?
I don’t know, but I’ll just set my thoughts aside for now and focus on the conversation.
"...It's your turn now."
Fox, Goblin, Crescent Moon, and Stag had finished their turns, and it was time for the newbies.
"Black."
This one is suspicious too.
***
“Besides opening the Gate of the Abyss, there is another way to return to Earth.”
Black uttered a short sentence and received the green light. Because of the content, many members raised a ruckus, asking various questions, but Black remained silent.
“…A way to return to Earth.”
There was only one method I could think of.
“Could it be… that she’s talking about dimensional magic…?”
I had learned about dimensional magic twenty years ago at the Roundtable. The Annihilationist was researching dimensional magic to return home, and he seemed to have made some progress.
Perhaps that’s the reason why Baekho became friends with the Annihilationist.
Anyway, the important part is something else.
“Black… maybe she’s a spy sent by Baekho?”
There were many reasons to suspect that.
Baekho would know about “dimensional magic,” and she would have another invitation code, aside from the one she gave me.
“…And her motive is also fairly obvious. She’s very curious about me.”
“...Then, Queen, it’s your turn. Fiddlesticks."
Queen, who had revealed high-level information in competition with the Jester,  revealed mundane information about the political scene, seemingly cautious about the unfamiliar members.
It was interesting information, but she clearly just wanted to quickly pass her turn.
“...Heh, it’s my turn now?”
It was Butterfly’s turn. 
As if he had something in mind, he spoke without any hesitation.
"You know, the royal family. They can trigger a dimensional collapse intentionally.”
How come the newbies are revealing more impactful information than the existing members?
"...So, that's what happened. The rumors are true, then."
Everyone seemed surprised, but no one asked about the authenticity or the source of the information.
They all silently think that it’s true, and there are already two examples.
Even if you ask, they aren’t going to answer.
“Fiddlesticks, it's my turn now.”
It was the Jester’s turn, the last one.
"Fiddlesticks, Noark has begun to seriously target the 9th Floor."
A rare piece of information that saved the existing members' face.
Of course, it was accepted without any objection, and everyone naturally turned their attention to me.
"Well, then…"
It’s my turn.
I had already decided what to say during the rotation.
So...
“How can I possibly be at peace with myself? Of course, it’s pitiful. I feel a sense of responsibility. I’ll probably live the rest of my life atoning for this, with these feelings weighing on me.”
I recalled what Auriel Gavise had told me that day and focused on my emotions.
*Tap tap.*
I locked my gaze on Wolf and opened my mouth.
Whether the true mastermind who summoned the players is the royal family or not.
I spoke truthfully, based on my own beliefs.
"Auriel Gavise is the players’ enemy."
I said, and…
*Swoosh-*
The gem glowed green, as if validating my belief.
The reaction was immediate.
"...Lion, do you have any proper evidence for what you just said?"
Wolf tentatively questioned me.
Of course, there was no reason to worry.
You have no idea what kind of position I have built here while you were gone.
"...Fiddlesticks, since it’s Lion’s words, it must be true."
Now that the green light has confirmed it.
To refute my words, you’d need dozens of pieces of evidence and documentation. 