## Chapter 472: The Enemy (4)
It wasn't just the Jester who was convinced by my words.
"Auril Gaviss is our enemy..."
The Fox, who had once been a loyal follower of the Master, muttered with a hint of bitterness, and the Stag nodded in agreement.
"Well, he does have as many secrets as the royal family. Those with many secrets tend to have black hearts."
The Queen, who had likely investigated Auril Gaviss more than any other existing member, didn't offer any counter-arguments.
"So Player's enemy... I'll keep that in mind."
Though she said she'd keep it in mind, it was obvious she'd rush to the GM after the meeting to share the information and ponder upon the implications of Auril Gaviss being a Player's enemy.
After all, I had shown them my proof.
"...."
The Wolf, who had initially questioned the validity of my statement, now glanced around anxiously, observing the reactions of the members.
Was he truly unconvinced?
"Am I the only one who finds this strange? I don't understand why everyone is so readily accepting this. If he'd done something wrong, I would understand, but this is just too subjective."
As a returned old user, the Wolf skillfully pointed out the flaw in the round table system.
However, his argument fell on deaf ears.
"Hm, but isn't that the same for you, Wolf?"
The same logic could be applied to the Wolf.
"That's why everyone asked me for confirmation, didn't they?  But the Lion doesn't even have that... "
His voice held a hint of injustice.
"To be frank, even if I were to say right now that he is not our enemy, the green light would come on. So, which of us would you believe then?"
His argument was sharp, exposing the contradiction, but unfortunately, a prompt answer came.
"That's obvious.  Pfft."
"....?"
"I'd believe the Lion.  After all, why believe a small fry who suddenly reappeared after years, someone we barely even remember."
The Wolf was stunned, staring blankly at the void after being hit with an unexpected direct shot.
The Queen addressed the Wolf with a soft, but pointed voice.
"Well, you never know.  Perhaps Wolf could provide concrete evidence to convince us."
The Queen's words clearly revealed her determination to pry into the Wolf's secrets.
She did want to dig deeper, after all. It was clear that the Wolf was a follower of Auril Gaviss, but that was all we knew.
"Evidence...  Alright."
He seemed to believe in his convictions, so the Wolf didn't prolong the tense atmosphere and concluded the conversation.
Thus, the second round began.
"Since we started from this side last time, how about we go in reverse order this time?"
"Pfft, you seem quite confident."
"I simply thought it would be fairer this way."
"Well, I don't mind.  The Lion might find this side more entertaining as well... "
The Jester glanced at me while saying this. 
Why does this guy like me so much?
I'd been teasing him, but I hadn't been particularly kind to him.
"Then I'll go first.  I've been holding back on this information because it wasn't confirmed.  But... I feel like it will be the main topic of this meeting. Pfft."
The Jester, who was unusually hesitant, glanced around before speaking.
"You all wondered about him, didn't you?  The old man who transported Noir Arc to the outside world with a mass teleport, bringing along over ten thousand people."
"...."
"That old man is Auril Gaviss."
Hm, that's right.
It was a long time ago, but it was something I'd been interested in, so it was captivating to hear. Of course, it was just the Jester's hunch.
Shwaaaa!
Even after the emerald light of the gem faded, the existing members didn't object.
The Queen only uttered a single remark.
"How about you tell us how you came to that conclusion?"
"Pfft, is that really necessary?  Everyone knows who I am.  I believe my opinion alone holds enough value, don't you?"
"Well... I'll let it slide this time."
Perhaps it was because of the new members, an external force?
The Queen, who would usually press on with relentless questions, let it go without a fuss.
"Hee... Jester, you seem quite a remarkable person."
"Compared to the Lion, I still have a long way to go. Pish-shish... "
He said that, but his laughter seemed to hold a hint of joy.
'This guy, isn't he trying to show off by deliberately revealing this ambiguous information?'
This thought crossed my mind, but I quickly dismissed it.
No, he wouldn't be that desperate for attention.
"Now, Butterfly, it's your turn.  I'm looking forward to it. Pfft."
"Ugh... It feels like my turn came too early."
What should I do?
The Butterfly, who seemed to be pondering, finally opened her mouth.
"There is a portal in the underground of the royal palace."
Damn, I was saving this information for later.  I never expected it to be revealed so soon.
"Two of them, in fact."
What? Two?
Shwaaaaaaaa-
The gem emitted a green light, prompting questions from the members.
"A portal? What is that? Does it mean the royal family can access the Labyrinth at any time?"
"Hehe, who knows?  What do you think it means?"
"...."
"Then I'm done."
The Butterfly simply ignored the questions and ended her turn.
It was now the Queen's turn.
"Recently—."
"Is it about politics again?  Politics are never fun..."
"...."
The Queen paused for a moment, interrupted by the Butterfly's jab, then continued.
No, it wasn't a continuation.  It was more like a restatement.
"You mentioned dimensional collapse before, that the royal family can deliberately cause it. It actually happens.  The most recent dimensional collapse was that case."
"Hee, is that so?"
The green light flashed, but the Butterfly seemed uninterested, as if she already knew about it.
No, it was more like she was saying, 'Well, look at that.'
'She decided to just throw a curveball.'
She was probably trying to get ahead of me, knowing I was going to use this information later to pass my turn.
"Besides opening the Abyssal Gate, dimensional magic is another way to return to Earth."
This information was a continuation of the one I revealed in the previous round. However, no one accused her of being sneaky.
Because there was one more sentence.
"That's how Auril Gaviss crossed over to Earth."
"...."
"I'm curious about Black's true identity as well."
As the members showed increased interest in the Black Mask, the meeting continued.
Stag, Crescent Moon, Goblin, Fox. They shared the latest useful information instead of secrets about the world, passing their turns.
And then...
"... Pfft, finally."
As the Wolf's turn finally arrived, all the members gathered their attention with curious gazes.
It was obvious what he would say.
The Wolf would now present his evidence that Auril Gaviss was not an enemy of the Players.
Then, once the green light flashed, it would be my turn to refute his logic.
In a way, you could call it a 1-on-1 situation.
"I have met the Dawnbreaker King. And I have witnessed the secrets of this world."
Huh, I didn't expect that.
I never imagined he had actually met the King, someone even I, a hereditary noble, had never encountered.
"... When was that?"
"I'll only say it was within the last year."
Since his goal was to persuade, the Wolf answered my additional question readily.
But...
"It's an amazing story, but it's a little flimsy as evidence.  We have no idea what you mean by 'secrets of this world.'"
The Queen astutely pointed out the flaw.
However, having been through numerous meetings with the Queen, I could tell.
She was deliberately suppressing her excitement to get more information.
"...."
The other members seemed to have noticed as well, but they didn't jump in during this situation.
They were all the same.
They wanted to hear more.
"It's difficult to share further details without knowing who you are.  But this much I can say for sure."
The Wolf cut off the request and said,
"Auril Gaviss is not an enemy of the Players.  If anything, he is an invaluable ally."
Throughout his speech, the gem on the round table emitted a green light, signifying the end of his turn.
"...."
The gazes all turned to me as my turn approached.
'Meeting the King...  He has every right to feel confident.'
Because such a huge figure had been mentioned, even the members who had strongly believed my words were now a bit skeptical.
The Wolf was also staring at me with a sense of confidence, riding on the King's name.
I needed to assert my dominance at this point.
So...
Tok-tok.
I spoke, waiting for the moment.
A being who wouldn't be intimidated by the King's name, even if he was a King.
"The Earth Witch, Ellis Groundia."
She only left a single message: Don't open the Abyssal Gate.
She didn't mention Auril Gaviss being the Player's enemy.
But in this situation, it wasn't important.
"I have met her."
Interpretation is always up to the individual.
"...."
I didn't lie.
***
The Earth Witch, Ellis Groundia.
The mythical being who led this world to ruin.
"...."
As soon as her name was mentioned, everyone, including the Wolf, shut their mouths.
They seemed quite shocked.
I had revealed information about the Earth Witch's survival before, but meeting her was a whole different story.
"The Earth Witch..."
"Pish-shish... Wow, the Lion really does exceed my imagination every time.  I've been humbled.  There's no way the Lion would be wrong."
The Jester, though not quite as repentant as a convert, spoke with such fervor, it was clear that the atmosphere in the room had reversed.
It was only natural.
If their opponent was the immortal King, who had ruled the royal palace for thousands of years, maybe it would be different.
But the Dawnbreaker King, whose reign was less than two hundred years, and who hadn't appeared in public lately due to health concerns, wouldn't hold the same weight as the name of a witch.
And it wasn't just that.
'The weight of the speaker's reputation is also a factor.'
Me, who had established an image of a mysterious, absolute being at the round table, versus an old user who had been treated like a nobody until just a few years ago.
"... Hee-hee, it looks like we know who to believe."
"The Lion could be misled by the Earth Witch—."
"What? But the same could be said about Wolf, too."
"...."
"Besides, if one of you is being misled, I'd say it's more likely Wolf."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Hee-hee,  I don't mean to insult either of you, but I just get this feeling that Wolf would be easier to deceive..."
The Butterfly grinned, relentlessly pounding on the Wolf's weak spot.
The Wolf, unable to turn the situation back in his favor, remained silent.
And then...
"Ha-ha, I should be leaving now.  It was nice to see you all after so long. Lion, Butterfly, Black, we'll meet again."
The Wolf announced his departure from the round table, ending his participation in the third round.
'Wow, talk about a graceful exit.'
He did say we'd meet again, so he probably wasn't done with us for good.
"...."
"...."
As soon as one member left, the familiar silence descended upon the round table.
They were busy watching each other, too preoccupied to think about anything else.
It was clear this meeting would dissolve into chaos if I didn't take charge.
So, I decided to get ahead of things.
"Oh... are you leaving?"
I mean, can't you see?
"We'll meet again."
I left the round table.
***
The moonlight streamed through the large windows, illuminating the bedroom.
A woman's voice trembled softly.
It was due to the shocking news delivered by an unexpected visitor in the dead of night.
"What? Alive...  He's...  alive...?  Bjorn...?"
Her mind went blank for a moment, then anger took over.
"You... you're truly a despicable person."
Her voice was laced with raw emotion, rising from deep within her heart.
But Lee Baek-ho simply smiled with a look of helplessness.
"This is the second time I've heard that today."
"Get out.  If you pull this kind of stunt again, I swear—"
"Misha Kalstein."
He used her full name, something he never did normally.
Misha froze, and Lee Baek-ho continued in a serious tone.
"This is not a joke, Bjorn Yandell is alive."
"... Proof?"
"It's already common knowledge.  You'll find out quickly if you just go out and ask around tomorrow."
Lee Baek-ho then briefly explained Bjorn Yandell's recent whereabouts, and Misha gradually became convinced of the truth.
"Bjorn... alive...?"
All sorts of emotions were swirling inside her.
She was happy, sad, confused, and angry.
"... That rotten bastard."
"Yeah, he's truly awful, isn't he? How could he pretend to be dead, lie to his team, and join the royal family—."
"Not him, you.  You.  You knew about this long ago, and you kept it a secret from me...?"
"Ah... sorry.  I was just trying to gather my thoughts.  Why didn't you go outside?  You were just cooped up at home."
"...."
"Wow, those are some sharp eyes you've got."
Misha didn't respond to Lee Baek-ho's playful tone.
"...."
Silence fell between them in the dead of night.
The man broke the silence.
"So, are you going to go to him now?"
"Of course.  Why else would I be with you?"
"To save Bjorn Yandell.  Using the Stone of Resurrection."
"Well, you know that now.  Get out.  I need to pack.  We'll leave as soon as the sun rises."
"Hm, yeah, I guess so..."
The man's voice trailed off in an odd way, and Misha shuddered.
"... If you have something to say, just say it."
She felt a bad premonition for some reason, but as always, that premonition was not wrong.
"No, nothing much."
Lee Baek-ho smiled.
"I just wanted to ask for a favor."
Just like when he had come to her that day.