## Chapter 475: Man and Woman (2)
Leaving the hall of the temple, we arrived at a room where two sisters were staying. 
Pen, the Dragonkin priestess who had bestowed the dragon's blessing upon me.
And Ravien, my former expedition teammate. 
“You came,” Pen said, glancing at me as I entered after knocking before quickly averting her gaze.
‘This is no teenager, she's acting like a grumpy child.’ 
Still, if I were to be kind, she wasn't entirely unbearable. I heard from both the Dragonkin and Ravien that she had been quite despondent after news of my death spread.
‘She said you would come back to tell her more stories…’ 
“…Huh? What did you say?” she asked.
“Did… did you hear that again?” I asked.
“No, what did you say?”
When I repeated my words in a low voice, Pen, with a slightly scared look in her eyes, raised her voice.
“Why, why…! I just said that since I saw your face, I couldn't have gotten the wrong person!”
It was a blatant lie. 
She didn’t just see my face, she had distinctly said, ‘that ugly face.’
“Penitasaurus.”
“…It’s Penitas Eaurus, you know?”
“It seems you forgot in the past few years, but I’m not ugly, I just have a manly face. Got it?”
After finishing those words, I stared at her intensely, and she finally gave me a reply. 
“…Got it.”
Yes, she’d admit it eventually, so why the fuss.  
With the pecking order established, I greeted Ravien who was standing next to her. 
“Anyway, it’s been a long time, Ravien.” 
“You two… seem closer than I thought?”
“Closer? I only saw her once when I received the blessing.”
“But I think you were the last person she saw, Pen. Someone from outside, someone not from her clan.”
Well, I suppose so. 
How many outsiders would come to this dragon temple?
After taking a seat at the table where the two sisters were sitting, I asked a question that had been on my mind.
“From your reaction earlier, it seemed like you knew I was coming. Is that right?”
“…Yeah. I heard it from father.”
“When exactly?”
“While you were talking to Yandell. I can hear father’s voice from anywhere.”
So, in addition to spatial movement spells, he also has a voice message ability? I guess the Dragonkin is more talented than I thought.
“So, how much did you hear?”
“How much? Just that you’d come, that you’d be here soon, so you should wait. Oh! And he said there was good news, that you should hear it.”
That old man.
“So what is it? The good news?”
Pen immediately looked at me with curious eyes. 
I averted my gaze and Ravien shrugged. 
Dragonkin emotions were impossible to understand.
Why would they entrust such a vital event to an outsider like me?
‘Alright, it’s not that difficult anyway.’
It felt strange to be putting it off, so I just told her the truth. 
“I killed the Dragon Slayer and brought back his heart.”
There were many events involved, but in the end, it all boiled down to this one sentence. 
“…What?”
The Dragonkin child seemed to have trouble understanding the single sentence, so I repeated myself.
“Exactly what I said. I gave the heart to your father, so you’ll be able to recover soon.”
“…Huh? Sister?”
“It’s true, so you can believe it, Pen.”
“….” 
Even with her sister’s confirmation, Pen still had a confused expression. Was this gift too sudden for her to genuinely be happy? 
“….”
Eventually, Pen, after staring blankly for a while, finally managed to speak. 
“………Thank you.” 
It seems I have to retract my earlier statement about her family not receiving proper education. 
Both the Dragonkin and this kid.
They’re really quite good at expressing gratitude.
Embarrassing, really.
“Of course, even though you’ll recover, not much will change immediately. There are some circumstances.”
“…Circumstances? What do you mean?”
I took this opportunity to tell her what I had discussed with the Dragonkin.
That I killed the Dragon Slayer is a secret for now.
So, even when you recover, you have to stay hidden in this temple for the time being.
And even the ancient dragon agreed. 
“I’m sorry. I know you’re tired of this place, and I’m asking you to do this.” 
“It’s okay.”
Pen interrupted my apology.
“I don’t mind staying here.”
She meant it, not just saying it. 
Of course, I could understand. 
“Well? You get meals on time, and you have no worries, just playing all day, so living here isn’t that bad—.”
“What are you talking about? You idiot.”
“…Huh? Wasn’t that the reason?”
Pen sighed deeply, looking at me.
“Of course not. I’m tired of this place. I want to smell the wildflowers, I want to run with the wind. But…,” she said, clutching her small fists.
“Now, because of me, father doesn’t have to stay here all the time anymore. He can go wherever he wants, and see whatever he wants.”
It was an unexpected answer. 
“So, that’s enough for me.”
Family.
I felt a little curious.
“Yandell, thank you for saving father.”
What would it feel like to have a family like this?
***
Pen, saying she needed time to herself, left the room first, leaving just Ravien and me. 
Not bad. 
I had things to talk to her about anyway. 
“Ravien.”
“I’m listening. Go on.”
“Why is it so hard to see you?”
“What do you mean?”
Hmm, was I too roundabout? 
I knew it was a sensitive topic, but being a barbarian, I decided to just ask bluntly.
“I mean why didn’t you attend the after-party. You didn’t look that busy when I saw you.”
“I heard that Titana Akuraba didn’t attend either.”
“Well, that’s understandable.” 
I nodded and continued, “But that woman is really busy.”
The answer came with a slightly awkward pause. 
“…I was busy too.”
“Really? Well, in that case, there’s nothing I can do about it.”
“So, are you done with your questions?”
Ravien, now with a more relaxed voice, asked this, calmly nodding her head and sipping her tea.
You really thought I’d fall for that?
“Ravien, it’s fine, be honest. Did you change your mind?”
Although the subject wasn’t explicitly mentioned, everyone here understood what I meant.
“No. My mind hasn’t changed.”
“Really? When I returned to the city, I felt like you were trying to distance yourself from us.”
“Well, it wasn’t like we had the same ideas from the start.”
Wow, this kid. 
“The same ideas from the start…?,” I said, shooting her a look that demanded an explanation. 
Ravien finally spoke, her voice hesitant.
“I’m naturally saddened by the death of those who died in the cold. I’m also angry at the Marquis, and even more so at the royal family for letting that happen.”
“But?”
“That’s all. Not everyone is like you, Yandell.”
It wasn’t just my imagination that Ravien had been trying to distance herself from us after returning to the city.
And the reason wasn’t that different from what I’d expected.
“No matter how attached we were, to be honest, we were just people who went on one expedition together.”
Unless it was family.
And it wasn’t like a family member died.
And so,
“If you ask me if that event is worth giving up everything and seeking revenge, my answer is no, not really.”
Ravien made a realistic decision, putting her emotions aside.
Actually, it was a normal reaction.
Even if a family member died, most people wouldn’t even dream of revenge if the other party was the king.
“I see… Thank you. It must have been awkward, but thank you for being honest about your thoughts.”
“…I’m sorry to say this, but I think there’s definitely at least one other person who shares my thoughts among the survivors. It’s just that everyone’s holding back because of the atmosphere.”
Well, I suppose so.
People are always hot and cold, cold and hot.
“I’ll keep your advice in mind.” 
“…That’s surprising. I thought you’d yell at me, calling me a traitor.”
“That wouldn’t change your mind, would it? If it were possible, I’d have yelled a hundred times.”
“You… are going…” 
Ravien looked down at the floor, like someone who was at a loss. 
She had said everything she wanted to say and the conversation was over without any real argument.
“….”
She kept looking around, unable to keep her gaze still, as if she had something else to say.
I kind of know what it feels like.
I was once like her.
“Ravien, since I got advice from you, I’ll give you some advice too.”
“Go on.”
“If everyone that day had been as rational as you, none of us would have made it back alive.”
There are no right answers in this world.
There are only choices.
***
“If you ever change your mind, come and find me. I’d welcome you anytime.”
As I was about to leave the room, Ravien mumbled.
“…Father is still in a meeting, you know?”
“Oh, right.”
Finally, awkwardly, I just sipped my tea and waited for the Dragonkin to come back. Then, I used his spell and instantly transported back home.
I had left early in the morning, so when I got back, it was just past noon. 
“Father! You’re back!”
“…You came back early. I thought you might be late.”
Amelia and Erwen, who were already at home, came to greet me right away. 
“Ah, I finished sooner than I thought. But what happened here?” I asked, pointing at the ground with my finger.
The empty lot that had been overgrown with weeds was somehow remodeled.
Half of it, as if a line had been drawn, was a garden full of trees, while the other half was made into a training ground. 
“This…? It’s done like this now. It may look a little ugly, but… we have no other choice, right?”
“We can’t have one person take it all, so we have to share it.”
They must have fought for days over who would have the garden, who would have the training ground, and finally reached a compromise.
“Yandell, did you eat?”
“I just had a few snacks. What about you?”
“Not yet!”
“Then let’s eat together.”
I was thinking of going out to eat for a change, but they said that Auyen was already preparing a meal.
I didn’t understand what they meant at first.
“That guy is making food…?”
“Didn’t you know? The dinner you ate yesterday was also prepared by him.” 
“…I thought it was bought from outside… No, but there’s no kitchen here, is there?”
Amelia looked at me as if I was an idiot.
“We converted one of the rooms on the first floor into a kitchen ages ago. Don’t you know that?”
“….”
“Yandell, I know you’re busy, but you need to pay attention to your home too.”
I had no words. 
Where did I even get the chance to relax properly at home lately?
Anyway, I followed Amelia to the first floor, and one of the empty offices had been turned into a kitchen.
“Ah, you’re back, Clan Leader!”
Auyen, wearing a white chef’s uniform, greeted me. I glanced to the side and saw a finished dish served on a white plate. 
“Father, come here. Sit down, he’ll take care of everything.”
“Uh… okay?”
Auyen, what’s your job exactly?
A navigator, a groom, and now a chef.
‘…He can do anything except fighting.’
I once again realized the truth that strength is the most important thing.
If I didn’t have strength, this guy wouldn’t be able to laugh and cook here. 
“How’s the taste, Sir?”
“Just right. It’s well seasoned. A lot of meat dishes too.”
“The ladies told me to always have enough prepared since we didn’t know when you’d be back, Sir.”
“…Ladies?”
“Ah…,”
Auyen flinched as if he had made a mistake. 
He realized it was a mistake himself, so I didn’t point it out and focused on the food.
How much time passed?
“Please leave it. I’ll clean it.”
As we finished eating, Auyen collected the dishes.
It was a strange feeling.
Being treated like this in my own home, did I really become a noble? 
“Father, you don’t have any other plans today, do you?”
“Right. I’ve cleared my entire day just in case.”
“Then… would you like to have tea in my garden?”
“Oh, alright.”
“Tercia, I’ll have black dragon tea.”
“Hmph… you have no shame, do you?” 
Erwen grumbled, but still brewed the tea. After that, the three of us enjoyed tea and snacks while talking. 
The walls blocking the outside world felt cozy, and the afternoon sun was warm.
A true break after a long time.
‘Nice…’.
Erwen chatted about this and that next to me, and Amelia would chime in from time to time, bickering with her, but it all felt relaxing.
Was it because I was so drowsy? 
“Family…,” 
I mumbled without realizing.
It was a whisper, so quiet that it wouldn’t have been heard if someone wasn’t paying attention.
But… 
“…?”
“…?”
The two who had been bickering stopped talking at the same time, and silence fell. 
“…Yandell, what did you say?”
“Yes, what did you say just now, Father?”
They both asked me, forgetting their argument.
“…Nothing.”
I awkwardly mumbled something, but they were persistent.
“Nothing, you say? You definitely mumbled, ‘family…’.” 
“I heard that too. What did you mean by saying that?”
Oh, how did I end up saying that?
I was thinking about the Dragonkin child, the most memorable part of my day, when the words slipped out.
“Just.”
I sighed and replied. 
“I was wondering what it would feel like to have a family.”
It was a truthful answer.
The two who had been relentlessly asking me why, stopped talking when they heard my answer. 
“….”
“….”
Oh, this is going to make the atmosphere awkward.
I was about to change the topic when Erwen suddenly changed her expression and broke the silence, mumbling quietly.
“…The left wall.” 
Left wall? 
What’s she talking about now?
As I was wondering, Amelia gave an explanation.
“Someone’s watching us.”
What?
“Tercia, count to three and let’s go together.”
“Okay.”
Without me having to do anything, the two girls quickly jumped up and went towards the wall, counting to three in their heads.
And… 
“…E, Eh?!,”
They immediately brought out the person who was hiding near the wall, like a trophy they had caught in a cooperative hunt.
“This… I’m not sure if we should call this a happy reunion.” 
Amelia’s reaction was somewhat strange, while… 
“….”
Erwen’s expression was colder than ever.
“Ah, Ah, Hahaha…,”
The prey, pinned to the ground, awkwardly laughed at me.
“Oh, Long time, no… see.  Bjorn… Ugh!”
The prey, who was speaking clearly, bit his tongue and made a painful expression.
“….”
“….”
“….”
It was Misha. 