## Chapter 477: Men and Women (4)
We moved to the living room on the first floor. Auyen, who had been washing dishes in the kitchen, was nowhere to be seen, perhaps having already gone upstairs. Or maybe Amelia had given her some instructions. Whatever it was, it wasn’t something I needed to concern myself with.
“...”
“...”
Ugh, the atmosphere was awkward again. Seeing Misha fidgeting with her hands on her lap and unable to make eye contact, I couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable myself. How do I break this tension? I was pondering this when Misha suddenly spoke.
“I… ”
“Hans… ”
She uttered my real name, known only to a few in this world. Even though I had activated my voice-controlled magical artifact beforehand, I still flinched in surprise and instinctively glanced around. Realizing her slip-up, Misha stammered.
“Oh, I, I’m sorry! I never meant to— ”
“It’s fine. My voice control artifact prevents sound from traveling beyond two meters.”
“...So, you knew?”
So you knew, what’s that supposed to mean? Did she correct her pronunciation? Her way of speaking seems even weirder.
“Did you hear that name from Baekho?”
Before we delved deeper into the conversation, I needed to confirm this first.
“Yes… ”
“Then you must also know that I am an Evil Spirit now.”
“….Yes.”
“Yet, you don’t find me repulsive, frightening, or anything of the sort?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“I knew it all along. It’s not like… ”
What? You knew all along?
“Since… when…?”
“Well, that’s… ”
Misha seemed taken aback by my question, then mumbled with a bright red face.
“….August 16th, 154 years after the Great Cataclysm. I was certain on that day… ”
Why would she tell me the date? I was baffled. But as I slowly pieced together the timeline, it came back to me. I understood why she answered that way.
“...”
August 16th, 154 years after the Great Cataclysm.
On that day, I confessed my feelings to her, telling her I saw her as more than just a comrade. And then, after various events... after a short while... 
“I got rejected.”
Ugh, could this have been the reason? I had pondered endlessly why she rejected me. I desperately wanted to ask her directly, but something stopped me from asking outright.
So, I asked her a roundabout question.
“After I was presumed dead, why did Baekho follow you?”
“...Because he said that if you helped him, he would use the Stone of Rejuvenation to bring you back.”
I already knew this.
However, there was only one reason why I brought up this question. It was to naturally lead to the next one.
“Why? If, as you said, you already knew I was an Evil Spirit back then.”
“Even so… you… you were a precious… comrade... ”
A precious comrade... 
It was a heartwarming revelation, but her response was ambiguous. If it wasn’t Evil Spirit aversion, then why did she reject me? Could it be that she could be friends with an Evil Spirit, but not lovers?
I wanted to dig deeper, but unfortunately, Misha changed the subject.
“By the way!”
Ah, she didn’t want to talk about this part.
“Can I ask you something too…?”
“Go on.”
“Baekho… he calls you brother. Are you two… maybe… close?”
“Close is a strong word. I think he’s trying to manipulate something on his side.”
Misha muttered softly, seemingly struck by one word in my answer.
“Manipulation…”
“Is that all you want to know?”
“Oh, no! I have another question! Back then… why did you disappear from Parune Island like that…?”
Ah, Baekho didn’t tell her about that. Why? Is he trying to drive a wedge between us? Or maybe he simply thought it was inappropriate. Perhaps he left the decision of whether to tell her or not up to me.
“Did… anyone else besides me… know the reason…?”
Of course, my decision was already made.
“Wait.”
“...?”
“Let me clarify some misunderstandings first. What’s been told outside and the truth are different.”
I briefly explained my past travels that began on Parune Island. I wasn’t particularly worried. After all, most of my closest people, except for Ainar, already knew. And there was no reason to hide it from Misha, who knew my real name.
“Especially since Baekho also knows this.”
Misha seemed slightly relieved after listening to my story.
“So it really was an accident… Why you suddenly disappeared… ”
She then inquired about my story after I returned, and I told her everything truthfully. Meeting Erwen, meeting Amelia, reuniting with Raven, Ainar, the Bear, the Dwarven bastard, and even Rotmiller.
“So I was the last one… ”
Misha, who had muttered softly with an air of longing, cautiously asked again.
“Do… they all know your secret…?”
“Erwen, Amelia, Raven, and Baekho do. They all know about my secret.”
“...I see.”
“Anyway, you have no idea how worried I was. I later found out you had become friends with a strange fellow.”
And he even testified that I was an Evil Spirit.
I unknowingly continued, and Misha’s face hardened.
“I, I’m sorry. I thought you were dead—.”
“There’s no need to apologize. I believe you tried to save me.”
I mean, I still wonder what he was thinking after I came back, but... I was grateful for his efforts nonetheless. Isn’t it better to be alive, even if it’s a life in the gutter?
“So that’s enough about me, let’s hear about your story now.”
“My story…?”
“Yes. What have you been doing all this time? Why are you so thin?”
“I’m not thin… ”
She’s not thin? She looked like nothing but bones, even earlier.
“Fine. Just tell me. What happened to you all this time.”
Misha, who pondered where to begin for a long time, started to tell me her story.
***
Everyone dies eventually. 
Even the Immortal King, the absolute ruler of a vast kingdom, could not escape death. It is a law of nature that cannot be altered, no matter what we do. 
Yet…
[So, Bjorn is dead.]
His departure was too sudden. Even after I woke up from the countless times I fainted and fell asleep, it felt like I was still dreaming.
Therefore, I couldn’t refuse.
[What would you do if I told you there was a way to bring Bjorn Jandel back?]
The only way to reclaim what I had lost.
[The Stone of Rejuvenation can revive two people. If you help me, I’ll let one of them be your husband.]
In the end, I agreed to his proposal.
I spread rumors about Bjorn Jandel being an Evil Spirit, as Baekho instructed, and helped him with his various tasks, going back and forth to the labyrinth with him.
It was still a decent life.
It was hard, and sometimes I would sob into my pillow, feeling miserable, but there was still hope.
[Oh, you’re going to ditch the ‘Meow Meow’ style now?]
I changed my way of speaking, which he used to mock, calling it ‘half-baked’.
I wanted to see Bjorn’s surprised face when we met again.
…There were more reasons than just that, though.
Anyway.
[Meow, why are you reading alone again?]
I started studying by reading books.
It felt like Bjorn was right beside me whenever I did this.
[Enough reading, come out. Go to the training ground. I’ve trained many newbies, and sparring is the best way to improve your skills.]
I sparred with him every day, with his training being almost like beatings.
It was my sole determination to become stronger. 
A month, two months, three months…
Time flowed relentlessly, and she too changed significantly as time went by.
Although I still sometimes reverted to my old way of speaking when excited, I could now speak normally if I focused. I had also become incredibly strong, incomparable to my previous self.
And…
[…When are you going to use the Stone of Rejuvenation?]
My patience gradually dwindled.
[Ah, I’ll use it when the time is right. Why are you always nagging me these days?]
The same answer as always, with no promises.
I finally asked.
[…Are you even planning on using it?]
The Stone of Rejuvenation Baekho possessed was real.
But, would he really keep his promise?
I had been suppressing that question, trying to ignore it.
I couldn’t bear it if the truth inside that box was different from what I expected.
But…
[Baekho, tell me straight. When are you going to use the Stone of Rejuvenation? Tell me right here, right now. Otherwise—]
I finally overcame my fear and reached for the truth.
But the answer I received was far from the truth.
[Otherwise, what are you going to do?]
[… ]
[You’re really annoying me. Why can’t you trust people? What have you really done to help me all this time?]
[… ]
[You were useless, so I made you level up. You’re finally getting better, but you’re just getting cocky. Listen, if you want to make demands, show me your results. Then I’ll give you an answer.]
From that day on, my relationship with Baekho reached its worst.
Of course, I still couldn’t leave his side.
At least the Stone of Rejuvenation was real.
[Haha! You’re a tough one, unlike what I heard!]
I drew a line between Baekho and his comrades, acting professionally, and even took on dangerous tasks, accumulating achievements.
One day,
Good news and bad news.
They both arrived at once.
[Alive…? Is Bjorn…?]
Bjorn was alive.
But…
[Otherwise, Bjorn Jandel will die.]
A new shackle was added.
Of course, I couldn’t tell him everything.
“Haha… that’s all about me. Not very exciting, is it…?”
I’m used to enduring.
***
Misha’s story was quite interesting.
After all, I learned how Baekho had been for the past few years.
“He really did level up properly.”
Thanks to her story, I also got a rough understanding of Baekho’s skills.
I hadn’t seen all of his combinations, but I had a good grasp of his character concept.
If I had to categorize his class, it would be ‘Physical Ability-based Magic User’.
“He must know how to use all kinds of weapons depending on the situation.”
He’s tougher than I thought.
The quality of his Skill Combinations is still hard to rate, though.
“But I don’t understand why he can’t get stronger. What’s the deal...? Was he just showing off?”
I had a few questions, but they were things I couldn’t solve right away.
As I was meticulously organizing the new information I had gained, Misha cautiously opened her mouth.
“But… what did you mean earlier?”
“Huh? What?”
I tilted my head in confusion, and Misha spoke in an even quieter voice.
“You said… that I… couldn’t go anywhere.”
Ah, that…
“What… did you mean by that?”
I answered quickly, trying not to show any sign of panic. Just like Misha said earlier.
“….We’re precious comrades, aren’t we? Comrades should be together.”
It came out of my mouth before I could think about it.
Misha seemed to agree, chiming in.
“...I, I see…”
“Yeah, that’s it.”
“...”
I quickly changed the subject.
“But what was it back then? On Parune Island. You said you had something to tell me.”
“Ah… that… I, I said that? I, I don’t remember…”
Her pronunciation was slurred, making it obvious that she was lying.
But I felt like prying further would make things awkward again, so I decided to ask later.
And in that spirit, my next question.
“Ah! Do you still have the necklace? Raven said you took it… ”
No. 7777 Garpas’ Necklace.
As I mentioned it, Misha unbuttoned the top button of her shirt, revealing the necklace hidden beneath her clothes.
Thankfully, it seemed she hadn’t sold it and had kept it well.
“But… do I really have to return it?”
What is she on about?
“Give it back.”
“...Alright.”
Finally, I have it back.
***
My conversation with Misha, which began at noon, continued until the sun dipped below the horizon and night fell. There were plenty of topics to discuss since we hadn’t seen each other in a long time. As the time passed, the awkwardness of our reunion gradually dissipated.
But...
“It’s already this late. Aren’t you hungry? Shall we all eat— ”
Misha quietly shook her head.
Is she going to eat in her own room?
“Why go to your room? There are plenty of empty rooms. Why don’t you just stay here?”
“Bjorn. I appreciate it, but you don’t have to worry so much about me.”
A resolute refusal that was hard to persuade.
Is she trying to draw a line between us?
“Is, is that so? Alright. Do as you please.”
“Yeah. Thanks for understanding. And… about that thing about joining the clan… can I think about it a little longer?”
“...Think? Ah, of course. Think? Of course you should think. But… how long do you think it’ll take?”
“A week… I think that should be enough. I’ll come back when it’s done, so don’t wait up, okay?”
Our reunion ended like that, and I slowly went upstairs. I figured I should explain the situation to them since I was already staying here.
Unexpectedly, they were both in one room.
They were deep in conversation…
Tap.
Without even knocking, I approached the door. The two of them simultaneously shut their mouths as soon as they sensed my presence.
That’s what happens with NPCs.
I was a bit curious about what they were talking about, just between the two of them.
“May I come in?”
“Y, yes, please!”
A voice that sounded slightly startled.
That was also unexpected.
“W, what… are you doing in my room?”
I thought she would be sullen or show aggression, but she seemed perfectly fine. Or maybe I should say, her condition was… okay?
I glanced at Amelia.
Meeting my gaze, she shrugged and smirked. It seemed like Erwen was perfectly fine because of Amelia’s initial efforts.
“She’s truly reliable.”
I gave her a nod in gratitude before turning back to Erwen.
“W, what… did you need to say?”
She seemed suspicious now.
Was she hiding something?
“I thought you would ask me about Misha right away… ”
I paid closer attention to the room and noticed something peculiar.
A thick book on the desk.
“This book… I think it was in Amelia’s room originally.”
The title was ‘Men and Women’.
Is it a romance novel?
I should find it and read it later.
“So what happened with Kalstain? Did she leave?”
“Oh, that… ”
I gave them a brief explanation and told them that Misha would take some time to decide whether to join the clan.
And that was the end of our day.
“Ugh…”
I lay down on the bed, but sleep wouldn’t come.
What if Misha doesn’t come back?
No, why did I think that Misha would come back if I convinced Baekho?
Does she really only think of me as a comrade?
But if she only saw me as a comrade, there’s no reason for her to go to such lengths to bring me back.
What’s Misha’s true intention?
“...Let me just sleep.”
I decided to clear my head, as pondering wouldn’t lead to an answer.
And as time passed…
“Congratulations! Young warriors! From this day forward, you shall leave this sanctuary and become true warriors!”
The day of the Barbarian coming-of-age ceremony.
In other words, the day the labyrinth opened.