## The Big Fish (2)
Two warriors and an archer. And...
“Is that bare-handed one a spellcaster?”
Well, most likely. Wizards who have a lot to lose rarely participate in such things. And a cleric is out of the question. 
“This combination... raiding at the first floor level...”
My chest feels heavy. What kind of helplessness did our little barbarians feel? I can't even dare to judge that feeling.
"..."
But at least I can pass it on to those bastards.
“Laughing?”
One of them furrowed his brow. But judging by the tone, he doesn't seem to suspect my identity. Is he just mocking the naive barbarians who don't know the world's dangers?
"Wow! I bet your heart is really something special, huh? These guys are fearless. Fearless."
I decided to play along for now. So...
Swoosh.
I stepped back, as if I had just noticed something strange, and glanced at Ainar, who was asleep on the bare floor.
Rumble-rumble-rumble... rumble...
When is she going to stop pretending to be asleep?
Tap, tap.
I kicked Ainar's back with the tip of my foot, meaning she could wake up. And immediately, Ainar jumped up in surprise.
“...Ugh! What, what is it?!"
Her reaction was too realistic to be acting.
“...She was really asleep.”
I can understand not noticing my presence, but how could she keep sleeping even with us talking right next to her? I don't know, but the situation isn't bad. 
Actually, it's good.
“Huh? What, what?! Who are you guys?!"
How can you not be fooled by this?
“Ah! You, you guys… are you…?!”
Ainar seems to be gradually realizing the identity of these unwanted guests. So I quickly cut her off. 
"Be careful."
To be precise, I meant “be careful with your mouth”, not “your body”.
“Ah, I see…."
Ainar stood behind me, weapon in hand. I raised my iron greatsword, scanning them with a cautious gaze. They stretched their bodies, laughing mockingly.
“One question. Are you raiders?”
They didn't even bother to answer my question.
"Brother, let's finish this before anyone sees us. The Guild seems to have caught a whiff of something."
Geez, they're treating us like we're already dead.
Fine, just try to make the first move. 
From then on, it's all up to me. 
“Wait a minute! That barbarian... I feel like I've seen him somewhere before... Where is it? Where did I see him...?"
Suddenly, the hunchback crossbow-wielding dude narrowed his brows, looking at me.
Did he recognize me?
If so, I have no choice but to go with Plan B.
"What do you mean, where did you see him? They all look alike. That's why you think you've seen him before."
A timely support shot came from the archer.
"Hmm, I don't think so...," he muttered.
His instinctive survival skills as an archer were admirable, but unfortunately, it seemed like the melee fighters had more say in the team.
"Let's worry about that later. Let's clean this up and leave first."
That was the decided policy.
“Khur khur.”
They smirked, closing in on us with their siege. 
And...
Thud.
As my back touched the wall, I had taken a step back.
The guy on my left swung his longsword. 
Woooosh!
The sound of air being cut, accompanied by a decent amount of force. But I just watched the longsword aimed at my neck. Did it look like I was unable to react to the surprise attack?
"..."
The swordsman's eyes widened. Well, it didn't take long for him to show shock on his face. 
Clank.
The longsword was stopped by my skin, unable to even leave a scratch.
“…Huh?”
Yes, seeing that expression makes all the waiting and patience feel worth it.
Swoosh.
I grabbed the blade with my bare hand, as if I was dealing with a bug sticking to my body. 
And...
“…Ah!”
I pulled the swordsman towards me with a snap of my wrist.
He was so used to not letting go of his weapon that he was dragged along helplessly.
Crack.
I quickly reached out with my other hand and grabbed his neck.
The guy standing next to him immediately swung a double-edged axe at my hand. He must have decided that he had to save his companion, no matter what the situation was. But...
Clank.
Yes, making the right judgment in a short moment is not easy.
“Ainar.”
As soon as I gave the order, Ainar swung her sword.
Her target was the warrior who had swung the axe at my arm.
Kwang!
The moment the swords clashed, an explosion erupted, and the warrior's body, holding the axe, shattered into dozens of pieces, scattering blood everywhere.
“...Ex, explosion sword!”
The spellcaster screamed as if he were having a seizure.
That was his last words. 
Kwang!
The spellcaster, shattered into pieces, couldn't even resist.
But, there was one guy who made the right decision.
Thud, thud.
It was the crossbow dude, who was relatively far from us due to his position or perhaps because he intuitively sensed something was wrong.
“...Bi, Bjorn Jandel!"
The crossbow dude already knew who I was. As soon as his comrade exploded, he turned around and ran away. 
But...
「The character used [Transcendence].」
You think running away will work?
「The character used [Eye of the Storm].」
You really think it’s going to work?
***
Thud, thud, thud.
The body went limp as soon as I twisted his neck. I released my grip, and the swordsman collapsed on the floor with a heavy thud. I lowered my head and looked down.
“...P, please spare me. I'm not like them. I was just caught in their scheme. I, I told them to stop doing this! I swear it!”
The only survivor, the crossbow dude, was begging for his life, burying his head in the floor.
Swoosh.
Ainar raised her sword, ready to strike. The crossbow dude panicked and screamed.
"I, I have information!"
Hmm?
"Information?"
I lifted my hand slightly, stopping Ainar.
Did he see hope?
He offered a deal.
"...If you spare me, I will… I will swear an oath... to tell you."
"An oath...," I chuckled.
What a funny guy.
Ainar fumed and raised her voice.
"Bjorn! Let's just kill this guy!"
"Stop. Calm down."
"..."
“Fine. I’ll swear. If I think the information you give me is worth anything, I will let you go.”
I casually made an oath.
But the crossbow dude's face was very strange, as if he'd just gotten the answer he'd been waiting for. He seemed to be wondering if he could trust me.
Still, he made up his mind quickly.
“P, perhaps it is valuable information for you…,” he muttered.
He seemed to have decided that someone like me wouldn't break an oath.
“Fine. Just tell me."
I urged him, and the crossbow dude, unable to hide his tension, slowly opened his mouth.
"It, it's the… mages…."
Mages?
Why are they suddenly bringing up mages?
I glared at him, wanting him to get to the point. He continued.
"Some mages… are putting in requests on the black market. They're willing to pay more, so they want the barbarians' hearts…"
"Hmm..."
What the heck is that?
"Is that all?"
"...Yes?"
When I responded flatly, the crossbow dude's face hardened.
So what?
It wasn't really valuable information.
There was no explanation of who these mages were, and even if I knew, there was no way to punish them from the outside without any evidence.
"If that's all..."
Just go die already.
Just as I was about to say that, he cut me off and shouted.
"More! There's more, Lord!"
"..."
“Ah, on the black market… they’re also requesting your heart…,” he whispered.
“...What?!"
Shocked, I asked him for more details.
The reward for the request was a whopping 2 billion stones. And the client was unknown.
“The black market…."
As I pondered, he looked at me anxiously and started to plead.
“...W, what do you think? D, do you think this is helpful information for you...?"
Ah, that?
It was definitely useful information.
I'd never heard of it, because I have no connections with that side of the world. 
I plan on investigating it when I return to the city. 
But...
"No, not at all. Go die already.”
Who cares what you think when I say no?
“Th, this is different from our agreement—,” he protested.
What the heck is this kid saying?
Crunch.
I stepped on his head, pressing down. The crossbow dude twisted his body in pain.
I didn't feel any sympathy.
Nor did I feel any guilt for breaking my oath.
“Promises are made between people."
With that, I put more weight on my foot.
Crack.
After I finished off the last one, I collected their equipment and backpacks and put them into my subspace. Not much, but it'll be perfect for the barbarian coffers. I can use it for the benefit of our little barbarian sprouts. 
Pff.
...Huh?
I turned my head, hearing a chilling sound next to me. Ainar was standing there, holding her greatsword with a reverse grip, stabbing a corpse.
“What is it, Ainar...?"
“Can’t you see? I’m taking out their hearts.”
"..."
"Don't you think we should let them know? That if they want our hearts, they have to put theirs on the line."
Hmm.
Is she trying to say ‘an eye for an eye’?
“I’ll be done soon. Don’t worry about it.”
Ainar said, then took out the hearts of the two relatively unharmed corpses and laid them out on the rock, as if they were works of art.
“Okay, I’m done. Let's go, Bjorn. We have to kill more of these bastards, right? I think I can fake it better now!”
Man, she's so scary.
***
Day 4, Day 5, Day 6…
Time passed quickly even after we successfully completed our first fishing trip. I spent those days wandering around the Crystal Cave, not even taking time to sleep. 
Our fishing tactics became more sophisticated over time. I smeared goblin blood all over my body for more detail, and I hung my bag with the 9th grade magic stones I had collected. 
It would have been better if I had more wounds, but that was impossible realistically. Those kinds of wounds would heal in less than a minute. 
Still, our efforts worked. Before day 5 was over, we found and killed another similar group of raiders. 
These guys were more cautious than the previous group, following and observing us secretly. But...
"Damn it."
It wasn’t really good news.
We found four fresh hearts in their backpacks.
They had already gotten their loot before they even met us.
"...Ainar, calm down. I’ll deal with this when we get back."
"..."
"Let's go. Everyone's waiting for us."
I calmed Ainar down and headed to the center where our comrades were waiting.
"Bjorn!"
Erwen was coming to meet me from afar, sensing my presence. 
I followed Erwen to the plaza with the monument and turned on the soundproof magic before we spoke.
“Emily, anything happened?”
"Of course something happened. What you were worried about happened."
"What I was worried about...?”
"There are people watching us nearby."
Yes, that’s right. 
“What should we do? If it’s Count Almanus’s people, summoning the Layer Lord now could be very dangerous.”
Bersil advised, her face serious.
But I smirked.
"Don't worry too much. It’s within my expectations."
"You expected this?"
Of course I did. I even publicly filed a request with the Guild to hunt in this area.
It's strange if you couldn't predict this level of scrutiny. 
"It’s not ‘worried about’ either."
If I had to be precise, it’s more like ‘expected’. 
Bersil asked about my future plans, and I answered decisively.
"We're summoning the Layer Lord as planned."
The big fish took the bait. 