## The Big Catch (3)
There are two types of people in the world. Those who value the results, and those who value the process. If I had to choose, I'd be the former.  As long as the outcome is good, I don't care about the details. In that sense, the current situation wasn't so bad. 
"As long as the Count drops the charges, that's all that matters."
In other words, if we could prove they directly interfered with our raid, and that they were acting on behalf of the Count of Alminus, our objective would be achieved.  After all, deliberately obstructing a guild-sanctioned extermination?  That wouldn't just get the Count to drop the charges, we could even extort money from him.
"I'm glad this happened, the raid's success rate was low anyway."
That's why I secretly hoped for this kind of situation with a bigger catch. My tactics almost guarantee survival, but I often end up lacking firepower and missing the target in the end.
"If Erwen hadn't eaten the Riachis Essence this time, I wouldn't have even dared to try."
Taking everything into account, I estimated the raid's success rate to be around 20%.  With such a high chance of failure, having a more likely alternative was definitely a good thing.  We could hunt the Tier Lord whenever we wanted, but resolving the Count of Alminus' lawsuit was a quest we had to complete as soon as possible.
"Something in the darkness is watching you."
Alright, with that unsettling feeling creeping up my spine, the summoning conditions must have been met.
"Don't get too complacent.  The creature could be summoned at any moment."
We spent the time maintaining our formation, prepared to fight at a moment's notice.  It was simple logic.  We had to summon it and make it look like we were actually succeeding in the extermination, only then would the other side rush out.
"They know we have body cameras, so they'll likely show up at a more decisive moment."
"Bersil, how's the recording crystal?"
"Don't worry.  I've checked it multiple times, it's working perfectly."
"Good, then I trust you."
I was briefing the team on the upcoming scenario when we noticed a change in the atmosphere.
"Something in the darkness harbors feelings of hatred towards you."
Yes, the probability just increased.
"Bjorn… do you feel it getting colder?"
Surprisingly, it was Ainar who noticed the change first.  They say animals sense earthquakes first, so maybe she was right.
"Prepare yourselves.  It's only a matter of time before the creature shows up."
My warning triggered a surge of tension, and everyone adjusted their stance.  How long had it been?
Thud, thud, thud.
The cave wall shook violently, and the dull crystals began to emit a deep red glow.
"Special condition met - Five hearts of faith."
"Dreadfear, the Lord of Fear, tests the faith of the pilgrims."
He had arrived. 
***
Dreadfear, the Lord of Fear.
The Tier Lord of the 1st floor, summoned randomly with a chance of appearance when five or more people gather in one place after the third day.  His summoning effect was simple.
Thud, thud, thud!
The ground shook.
Swoosh—!
The once dark field was bathed in crimson red.
"Crawling Fear."
"Your party's binding magic is dispelled."
The binding magic of the one who fulfilled the summoning conditions was broken.  And then…
"Your vision is limited to a 2-meter radius."
With their vision narrowed, the creature slowly approached.
"…There."
A tunnel bathed in a dark, red light.
Clack-
We quickly shifted our formation towards the sound.
Clack.
A sound like something hitting and falling from a flat surface grew closer.
Clack-
Our vision was limited to a mere 2 meters.
The moment the creature emerged from the edge of our vision…
"…Ugh."
Bersil covered her mouth, gagging.  Seems like she was a mage who couldn't stand the sight.
"I've heard of it, but… it's truly terrifying."
I know, right?  Even with the illustrations, the real thing is always more horrifying. Just like this creature in front of us.
Clack-
Dreadfear stood at about 1.6 meters.  Compared to the Lord of Chaos, Riachis, he had a much smaller stature, belonging to the human-type monster category.
Clack.
Two arms, two legs.  He walked upright and wielded a bone greatsword.
But just because he was human-type, didn't mean he had a normal appearance.
"Zombies are also human-type monsters, after all."
Dreadfear felt similar.  It was just possible to recognize the basic human structure, but it was difficult to make out his exact form.  He was covered in maggots, the size of thumbs.
Clack-
The repulsive sound of his footsteps, like crawling,  echoed with every step.
Thump.
Maggots that had fallen from his feet, leaving traces of his steps, wriggled on the floor.
"…I understand why explorers avoid him."
"Whew…."
Erwen and Amelia weren't quite as sick as Bersil, but their expressions were far from good.  They looked like they were dying to get out of this.
Ultimately, the only one who seemed happy to be there was Ainar.
"Ooh! Is that him?  He looks weaker than I thought?"
Well, you need a character like that in a team, right?
"Haha!  Why are you all so gloomy?  Cheer up!  He may look like that, but he doesn't smell, right!"
I was about to sigh at Dreadfear's appearance, but then I remembered the stench from the Corpse Golem, and my mood lifted slightly.  Is it the power of misfortune to keep people going?  I don't know, but…
"Enough chatter."
It was time to focus on the situation.
Clack-
Dreadfear stopped right at the edge of our vision.  He was small enough for me to look down on him, but he exuded an immense pressure.
Therefore…
"Behel—laaaa—aaa—aaa—aaaa—aaa—aaa—aa—aa!!!"
I just charged.  The best way to overcome fear is to face it directly.  There are many things in this world that are harmless once you actually do them. 
[Kee—yaa—aa—aa—ack—!]
As soon as I started my dash, he swung his greatsword, his mouth full of wriggling maggots wide open.  Or maybe I should call it a maggot-sword?
Kwang-!
The impact was unbelievable given his small frame.  Just in terms of physical damage, he was comparable to Riachis. 
But there was something else I needed to focus on.
Thud, thud, thud-
The maggots were falling like I was shaking a broom, clinging to my body.
"Damn it, in the game it was just an aura skill."
What kind of aura is this?!
"The character has been infected with [Crawling Fear]."
"The character's sanity will continuously decrease."
"Dreadfear's rage will increase based on the damage the character receives."
Maggots crawled on my bare skin.  My skin was tingling, no, it was more than tingling, it was burning.  Well, it's not something you can block with physical resistance, right?
"Bersil Goulhand has cast the 5th-grade Sun magic [Holy Flames]."
Just as we planned, Bersil quickly cast a buff on me.  It was the key magic for the first phase.  When I was selling the 1st floor Tier Lord tactic in the Ghostbusters, I recommended using this.  There are other alternatives, of course, but…
Whoosh-!
This was the easiest to get and most effective, right?  When you're worried about parasites, you cook them thoroughly, right?
"[Crawling Fear] has been dispelled."
Alright, aura problem solved.
Kwang-!
While taking Dreadfear's regular attacks, I was getting used to his patterns when maggots the size of human heads started crawling out from the cave walls.  The iconic token monster of the first phase.
Of course, it wasn't a problem I had to worry about.
Kwang—ang—!
We had decided that Ainar and Bersil would take care of the mobs, who were specialized in area-of-effect combat.
Therefore, we had two people left.  But I had given them a standby order.
"Amelia, what about those guys?"
We weren't just dealing with the Tier Lord here.  We needed to keep an eye on the situation.  But…
"…Still.  They're watching the situation from a distance."
They're going to let the first phase play out, it seems.  Well, it's understandable from their perspective, they don't know if we're going to succeed or not, and…
They'll likely make their move at the best opportunity to interfere.
Right, so in that sense...
"Erwen, what's the time?"
I checked the current time first.
"It's 7:57 PM."
About four hours left until the 1st floor closes.
"Damn, if they had shown up a little later, it would have been easier for both sides."
I decided to move on to the second phase.  Those guys don't seem like they're going to come and screw things up in the first phase, and...
Timing is everything in the Dreadfear tactic.  This bastard gets buffs for each phase.
"1st and 2nd phases - Every 5 minutes after summoning."
Ideally, we want to avoid seeing the first buff.  The buffs for each phase stack until the end of the raid.
"Amelia, you keep watching them.  Erwen, start now."
And so, we began the tactic in earnest.  Although we only had Erwen as a damage dealer, as the raid leader, I didn't feel any lack.  Erwen, who had also obtained the Tier Essence this time, had reached another level.
"Erwen Fornaci Di Tercia has summoned [The Dark Spirit King, Dicloe]."
Immediately after my approval, Erwen unleashed her ultimate attack, as planned.  And then…
Kwang, kwak kwak kwang, kwa—aa—aa—ang—!
It took exactly 15 seconds.  From the end of Dreadfear's first phase until the next pattern began.
"The Lord of Fear, Dreadfear, awakes from his slumber."
The cave was still filled with the residual energy from Erwen's attack.
Thud, thud, thump.
As if shedding skin, the maggots covering his body stopped moving and fell to the ground.  Of course, his face was still hard to make out.  Black smoke swirled around him, obscured by the maggots.
"Alright, so the first phase is over..."
I quickly completed the interim check.  Last time, I was able to summon him for 30 seconds with full mana, so did I use about half my MP?
"Erwen, take a break.  Monitor those guys outside if you can."
I took Erwen out of the fight to recover her MP.  And then…
"Amelia."
I immediately swapped her with Amelia.
Thud, thud.
The maggot corpses on the floor cracked like eggs.
Simultaneously, 
[Kee—yaa—aa—aa—ack—!]
[Kee—hee—hee, kee—hee—hee—hee—hee—hee—hee—!]
Black smoke erupted from the maggots, accompanied by eerie screams and laughter, and flew around.
Ainar panicked and shouted.
"U, Uu—ack! Bjorn! W, What is this!!"
I remembered.  She's afraid of ghosts, even though she's not afraid of bugs.
Whoooo—ng!  Whoooo—ng!
Ainar, in a state of panic, swung her greatsword wildly in the air.  But it only passed through the smoke, unable to strike anything.  Of course, it's not classified as a monster.
"The character has been exposed to [Infiltrating Fear]."
"The character's sanity will continuously decrease."
"Accuracy greatly reduced, and there's a chance to attack nearby allies."
The aura effect of the second phase.
"Erwen, what about them?"
"…Still.  They're still in the same spot."
Hmm, they must have noticed the first phase was over, but they're still there…  I guess they're going to let the second phase go by too...
[Kee—yaa—aa—aa—ack—!]
While thinking…
"The character has cast [Fortress]."
"The effects of [Evolutionary Skin] are increased by 1.5 times."
Unlike in the first phase, I blocked his sword, my physical resistance boosted.
Kwang-!
It was simple logic.  This guy's physical damage didn't increase significantly from the first phase, but…
I have to block more than just that, right?  Like this.
"Amelia Rainweils has cast [Abyssal Power]."
"Amelia Rainweils' attack misses due to [Infiltrating Fear]."
Amelia's dagger flew towards me, its trajectory distorted as if defying the laws of physics.
Swoosh-!
Damn it.  That damn aura.
"…Are you alright?"
"I'm fine, don't worry about me."
In the second phase, the tank's role is crucial.  Whether it's a ranged or melee attack, the aura explodes, and whoever's closest to the boss becomes the target.  That's why the norm is to have multiple tanks and use a cleric to heal and quickly chip away at the boss's health.  But...
"Behel—laaaa—aaa—aaa—aaaa—aaa—aaa—aa—aa!!!"
When you don't have teeth, you chew with your gums.
"Yandel, you should cast [Aura] instead..."
What is this kid talking about?
"I'm fine, keep going."
I brushed aside Amelia's concern and stuck to Dreadfear like glue.  Being hit by my teammate's weapon whenever I missed was not pleasant, but what can you do?  The most important thing is to never give up.  The pain I endure will be his pain too, so there's nothing in this world that I can't withstand.
"Ainar Pnelrin's attack misses due to [Infiltrating Fear]."
"Dreadfear, the Lord of Fear, has cast [Disease Spread]."
Anyway, I fought close by, but I would keep a distance whenever I had to use a skill, calmly continuing the tactic.
"The feelings of resentment deepen."
The second phase buff had been activated.
"All aura effects are permanently enhanced."
Damn, five minutes already?  We need to minimize the aura enhancement buff in the second phase.
"The character's magic stat continuously decreases."
My mind was getting a little anxious.  That's one of Dreadfear's tricky points.  He's a monster who becomes unbeatable in the long run.  But...
"He's a glass cannon, though."
As a result of Amelia and Ainar ignoring the tank and swinging their swords throughout the battle…
"The feelings of resentment deepen."
"The character's physical stat continuously decreases."
"The feelings of resentment deepen."
"Decreased stats increase by 50%."
"The feelings of resentment deepen."
"Dreadfear's rage will increase based on the decreased stat."
We managed to move on to the next phase when the fourth buff was activated.  I felt a pang of regret.
"…Damn, we should have finished it before the third buff."
This reduced our chances of success even further.  But I quickly brushed aside my regrets.  After all, the raid wasn't the main objective.
[Kee—yaa—aa—aa—ack—!!!]
The moment Dreadfear screamed in pain...
Swoosh—!
The black smoke that had been swirling around him, cackling, was sucked back into his body.  And then…
"Dreadfear, the Lord of Fear, awakens."
The third phase began.
"Uncle! Those guys are moving!"
Finally, the fish had taken the bait. 