## Chapter 486: Pilgrim (4)
A communal chamber, where several corpses lay. A frail old man, slowly approaching the center, gently caressed the monument with his hand.
[In commemoration of Diplan Groundel Gavrilius, the last sage, and his great first steps]
An ancient tombstone, crafted long ago to honor the deeds of a great hero.
“I’m almost there,” he murmured, his voice barely audible. The old man finally withdrew his hand from the monument and reached into his bosom, extracting a book.
WHOOSH—!
The book, defying gravity without any supporting stand, floated into the air, unfurling its pages. 
[Monarch’s Complete Record I]
The book, with that title emblazoned upon it, flipped its pages one by one, soon reaching the final chapter.
[……Haunted by the fear that gripped his heart, the pilgrim, abandoning his convictions for the sake of survival, fled and fled. But in the place he had run to escape fear, a greater fear awaited him.]
[The terror of being utterly alone.]
[The fear of solitude engulfed the pilgrim. It was a fear he couldn’t escape. Self-inflicted rage and hatred ravaged his body and soul. Even the nurturing touch of Mother Earth couldn’t save him.]
[Simultaneously with the pilgrim's soul dissolving, new power and authority descended upon ———. And so, a mere mortal, an insignificant being, obtained a cursed power.]
[One who sowed fear and hated faith. The birth of Dreadfear, the King of Terror.]
THUD.
The open book closed shut. It was an ancient tale, forgotten by time, remembered by no one now.
***
“Just… one stab… is all it takes…?”
Bersil’s question left me speechless, my breath caught in my throat. I wanted to retort, to yell at him for talking nonsense, but my body was frozen, incapable of any action.
“Of course. One. Only one life taken, and our Empire will welcome you back.”
His response, tinged with a hint of glee.
Bersil opened his mouth, his voice trembling. I thought he might apologize, attempting to alleviate the guilt, but what he said was entirely unexpected.
“Now… I’m sure… I know… Mr. Yandel… you doubted me back then…?”
Doubted?
What in the—?
“There are other abilities I possess, beyond concealing my body and healing wounds…”
“...”
“I don’t know exactly what kind of monster’s abilities they are, but I can sense your feelings towards me, clearer than ever.”
Damn.
I never thought there’d be this kind of twist.
“Mr. Tersia… it was the same with you. You doubted me, wondering if you should kill me first. You didn’t, but it wasn’t because you trusted me.”
“...”
“Of course, only Mr. Pnelrin never showed any doubt towards me.”
With each word Bersil uttered, my heart raced wildly.
It’s over.
This is unstoppable.
What could I say to make him change his mind? I can't even open my mouth, I’m so choked up.
THUMP—!
A despair, more profound than the one I felt when Dreadfear used his aura to inflict a wide-area stun, washed over me.
“I understand, of course. It’s hard to trust me. I’m not like you, with long-lasting, close ties.”
Bersil’s hand, holding the dagger, finally stopped trembling.
“So I’ve decided.”
“...”
“If I don’t do it, someone else will eventually.”
Damn.
“...”
I closed my eyes.
Yet my mind kept repeating the same thought.
What should I do? How can I prevent this disaster?
…There was no such thing.
I couldn’t hold it in any longer.
Even when I had meticulously gathered equipment and essence, only to have this monstrosity thrown at me as the boss, I had refused to admit it.
‘Damn it.’
This is unjust.
This is so damn unfair.
It wasn’t that I lacked power and died to a monster, or made some huge mistake, or failed to complete the objective within the allotted time.
“Stab him, pilgrim. Cleanse your blade with his impure blood and prove your purity.”
Someone has to die so the strategy succeeds?
Without even a chance to reason?
SWISH.
Bersil stood up. He moved towards me and bowed.
Only now could I see his face clearly.
“Mr. Yandel….”
A face that looked like it might burst into tears.
“If we do this, the strategy fails, right?”
Yes, he’s decided.
Since there’s no way to win, he’s made up his mind to survive, even if it means sacrificing himself.
SWISH.
I shut my eyes tightly.
And in that moment,
“So let’s all not fall for it.”
A gentle touch caressed my cheek.
‘…What?’
I opened my eyes again, and there he was. Bersil, holding the dagger to his own throat. He was positioned so that Dreadfear, behind him, couldn’t see.
“I’ve made so many wrong choices.”
No, wait a minute.
“I thought it was inevitable, that anyone would have done the same, that I was clever for doing so.”
I tried to say something, but my voice wouldn’t come out.
“But it always ended badly.”
Bersil removed his hand from my cheek.
“This time, I’m not going to repeat the same mistakes.”
No, but you could’ve just stayed quiet.
Maybe that was the way to solve this situation.
Why did you make this decision?
I couldn’t understand.
But….
“I told you. If I don’t do it, someone else will eventually.”
His words made sense.
“But this… feels like something where nobody can betray anyone.”
PUFF—!
It was we who pushed him towards his fate.
***
[The first pilgrim has died.]
[The survival rating of all remaining pilgrims increases by +400.]
***
THUD.
The lifeless body, drained of strength, collapsed onto the cold ground.
Watching him, the beast muttered a brief assessment.
“What a pathetic fool.”
His words sent a surge of blood to my head.
My head throbbed.
A sensation like something inside my head would shatter with even the slightest touch.
‘Really…?’
He’s dead…?
Something in my stomach churned, as if I’d drunk too much liquor.
BEEEEEEE—!
Through the ringing in my ears, I heard the beast’s voice.
“One more chance.”
Black smoke began to emanate from his body.
[Dreadfear, the Captain of the Hundred, has used [Execution Time].]
[Fear level towards the target increases significantly.]
It was similar to a killing intent, in a way. It paralyzed reason and prevented normal thought.
“...”
“...”
My body's vital signs screamed in warning, sensing the danger. My mind was consumed with the desire to escape from this place.
[Run.]
Someone kept whispering it in my ear.
But even amidst the chaos, this thought came first.
“Seize it.”
What if Bersil had made a different choice?
Could we have still ignored the dagger, trusting each other till the end?
‘Perhaps.’
Maybe she made this decision fearing this very scenario.
A player of [Dungeon and Stone], always paying attention to the creator’s intent.
SWISH.
The pool of blood, staining the floor, flowed into a puddle.
And then……
ZIIIIING—!
The moment the flowing blood touched the statue…
[An unknown being embraces the noble pilgrim’s soul.]
[The altar activates.]
The entire cave vibrated, as if a rift were opening.
DRRRRRRR—!
Light began to emanate from the statue.
[The light of trust drives away the fear within.]
At the same time, the energy that had bound my body was removed.
THUD.
I immediately grasped the weapon that had fallen from my hand and rose to my feet.
The beast watched us, annoyance etched across his face. There was no hint of vigilance in his eyes.
“Do you think that’ll change anything?”
Well, we don’t know that yet.
One thing’s for sure, we’ve passed one stage.
‘What kind of damn skill is that?’
It’s still so disgusting, even thinking about it.
‘Trust me.’ Just like that, he makes people believe they’ll survive by betraying their comrades?
There’s a limit to how much you can toy with people.
“It’s not too late. You have only one way to escape this cave alive. Prove your purity.”
What are you talking about? Who’s gonna believe that now?
“Dad, my powers are back.”
Really? It looks like the buff wasn’t just for me.
“Ainar, take care of Bersil.”
“...”
As Ainar silently collected her fallen comrade’s body,
The beast closed the distance between us, swinging his sword.
SWOOSH.
A strike far faster than any of the Empire soldiers I’d encountered up till now.
However, thanks to the altar’s activation, my physical abilities had noticeably enhanced. It wasn’t that difficult to see the trajectory of his attack.
‘Legs…'
Seeing that he wasn’t aiming for my neck or heart, it seemed he hadn’t yet abandoned the game of betrayal…
THUD!
Instead of blocking his aura with my shield, I jumped high into the air, avoiding his blade.
Then I struck him on the temple with my mace.
He couldn’t dodge the attack, as he hadn’t expected such a nimble movement.
WHAM—!
This guy’s tough, though.
I guess winning in this state is still going to be difficult.
To be honest, my strike just now relied heavily on catching him off guard.
So…
‘Now’s not the time…'
I suppressed the urge that was welling up like a volcano, and shouted.
“Get out of here, all of you!”
It’s not time to face him head-on.
Thanks to the massive increase in my stats, the Empire soldiers surrounding the chamber were no longer a problem.
“Uuh, uuugh!”
The soldiers, unable to withstand Ainar’s bull-like charge, collapsed like falling leaves.
I quickly followed them, escaping the chamber.
“Get out of my way!”
The beast, dazed after taking a direct hit from me, regained his senses and began pursuing us.
His speed…
‘Slightly faster than us.’
That means we’re 100% caught if things stay this way.
I need to find a way out.
As the beast followed close behind, I ran with all my might, thinking and thinking.
Why did my stats suddenly increase?
Is it simply a buff granted due to the altar activating?
No, there might be other conditions.
‘What’s the clearing condition, anyway?’
Is it a game of tag?
Hmm, maybe our stats increase as we run away from him, and eventually become strong enough to take him down.
Nothing is certain, but I’ve set a goal for now.
“...Wh, where should we go?”
“Out of the cave.”
We’re getting out of this cave.
Maybe activating the altar and escaping is the clearing condition...
But it won’t be easy.
“...Dad, we can’t keep running away like this.”
If things continue as they are, we’ll be caught soon.
Ainar and Erwen each offered a suggestion.
“Bjorn, let’s fight. We need to avenge the mage!”
“No, we can’t win even with all three of us. I’ll try to lure him away.”
Fighting and using bait.
They’re not bad options, but…
“...Alright. I’ll stay and lure him instead.”
“No, I should do it. I might be able to do it alone, and… I actually have an ability I’ve had since the start.”
“Ability?”
“I can sense where everyone is. I couldn’t figure out what this ability was until we met up here…”
Is it something like the Guide’s power to sense portals?
If it’s this ability, we’ll be able to meet up easily even after she lures him away…
“Please trust me. I’m the right person for this.”
What should I do?
What’s the best choice?
As always, the time I had was fleeting, and I needed to make a decision.
“...Don’t get hurt.”
Erwen didn’t respond to my answer.
She just gave a reassuring smile and slowed down slightly.
***
“Huu, huu….”
I take deep breaths, maintaining a regular pace. Two hours have passed since I parted ways with Erwen.
‘We’re almost halfway there….’
It took me about 8 hours to reach the central area from the cave entrance, but I’ve covered more than half that distance in just two hours.
‘If my physical stats are like this, then they’re probably about one-third of my normal level….’
Of course, that’s only considering the stats, and without any skills, I’m still far from being able to face him.
‘The problem is… my stats don’t seem to be going up any further.’
Is the stat boost a one-time thing?
I don’t know, but I keep moving towards the cave entrance, Ainar by my side.
How long has it been?
‘Erwen, when is she coming back? I hope nothing’s wrong….’
That was when a creeping anxiety began to rise.
[The second pilgrim has died.]
[The survival rating of all remaining pilgrims increases by +400.]
My stats have gone up again.