##  Pilgrim (7)
Regret washes over me. 
‘I shouldn't have done something like a Tiered Monarch raid.’
Even if it wasn’t that, it would have been better to just divide the rewards according to contribution. Or maybe I shouldn't have even touched the Chaos Monarch.
No, in the first place…
‘I shouldn’t have played that game.’
If I hadn’t come to this place…
‘None of this would have happened.’
I clenched my fist tightly, so hard that it drew blood, and forced myself to stand up.
There was something I needed to do before I could wallow in regret.
No, to be precise…
‘It’s not even time to regret yet.’
After realizing how my stats were increasing, a possibility arose.
Therefore…
I gazed past the corridor filled with corpses.
Slowly, he was revealing himself.
“Perfect. I was just wondering how I was going to find you.”
The moment he appeared…
I charged forward, roaring with a battle cry.
The ground shook as I pounded towards him.
I was a Strength and Endurance build, but my movements were faster than I could have ever imagined.
It’s safe to say that the moment I pushed off the ground and the moment I reached him were virtually simultaneous.
Furthermore…
My fists were already weapons.
Weapons stronger than any steel blade could ever hope to be.
I swung my fist, driving it into his face.
He retaliated with a sword, its edge wrapped in an aura, but my eyes perceived it as slow as a slug.
I closed the distance, landing a series of punches – a one-two-three combo.
It was like using a cheat code.
My skills were nonexistent, but based solely on my base stats, it felt like I was several times stronger than I was when using [Gigantification] at full strength. 
‘At this rate, I doubt I’d even be hurt much if I got hit by his aura…’
However, I had no reason to willingly take a hit from his clearly visible sword. So, I kept my distance, pummeling him relentlessly.
He couldn’t even offer a decent resistance.
Maybe I had landed ten blows in total?
He lay sprawled on the ground, far worse than when I had him cornered earlier.
But he wasn’t healing like before.
This increased the likelihood of my hypothesis being correct.
‘There’s also the possibility that his healing skill was a one-time use, but…’
As I expected, if this guy was a boss monster who could only be killed when he was alone…
‘Perhaps…’
Everything would be too late.
With that thought in mind, I landed one more punch.
His head shattered like a watermelon. 
Simultaneously…
「You have vanquished the Dreadfear, the Monarch of Terror. EXP +100.」
「Tiered Monarch kill bonus. EXP +15.」
I felt the surge of experience points, and then his shattered body dissolved into a beam of light.
‘…It’s over?’
Could all my hopes have been in vain?
My body froze as I pondered this.
「You have passed the test flawlessly.」
「The Nameless Pilgrim accepts defeat.」
The cave began to collapse.
「The fragmented pieces of distorted memories begin to interlock.」
I was bewildered, but I decided to observe. 
To be honest, I didn’t have any other options. Escaping the cave wouldn’t change anything.
The entire world around me was crumbling. 
It started with the sky, radiating blinding light outside the cave, then the green foliage, and finally the interior of the cave itself.
It was like when a monster died.
The world shattered into a thousand pieces of vibrant colors. 
Everything finally collapsed, leaving me in an abyss of darkness. 
Not just the concept of ‘not being able to see,’ but an overwhelming feeling of emptiness.
Then, with a roaring fire, the surrounding area became illuminated.
“...”
I was back in a dark cave.
Dozens of torches mounted on the walls flickered, casting their light upon a book lying on a stone altar.
‘What in the world…?’
I didn’t know what was going on, but I walked towards the book and flipped open the first page.
The text was in an ancient language, but I could read it without a problem.
[If I had to depict the emotion of fear, I wouldn’t hesitate to draw his face on a blank page. Captain Dreadfear. The being who taught me the true meaning of fear….]
As I focused on the text, the writing became blurry and my vision flickered.
This was a completely new experience.
[I encountered him right before I was about to achieve my grand mission.]
Someone’s unknown memories started to flood in.
***
Death doesn’t scare me.
I’ll die a glorious death, greater than anyone else’s.
I always told myself that, but my fantasies and reality were completely different.
“I, Dreadfear, make a promise. To those who prove their purity by slaying the filthy Pilgrim, all sins shall be absolved.”
He offered us a cunning proposal right before our mission.
Of course, none of us believed him.
All five of us closed our eyes, united in our desire to meet a glorious end.  The cave filled with a noble silence.
My heart pounded like it was yearning for life.
Were we really going to die like this?
I didn’t want to die, no matter what.
But betraying my comrades…?
“Believe.”
It’s strange.
Why didn’t those words feel like a lie?
“...”
I slowly opened my eyes.
The woman who had been entrusted with the mission and had journeyed with us for so long was also looking around, fear in her eyes.
“...”
The moment our eyes met, I felt it.
My heart skipped a beat.
She’s on the verge of succumbing to temptation.
I had no concrete evidence, but I was sure. How long had we known each other?
My blood rushed to my head.
I couldn’t breathe, and my vision blurred.
A smile stretched across her face as she looked at me.
For some reason, it made me uneasy.
My initial suspicion grew into a fear that gnawed at me.
[That guy… he’d be the best one to kill….]
Then, suddenly, I heard her inner thoughts.
I couldn’t write it off as an auditory hallucination. 
Come to think of it, she and I weren’t close. We even had a little argument at our last gathering. 
And this place?
The Mother Earth’s spirit resides here.
A revelation… This has to be a revelation from the Mother Earth.
She revealed this woman’s wicked thoughts to me to save her child.
I began to take it for granted that she was plotting to betray us and was going to sacrifice me.
That’s why…
“Whew… Whew… Whew… Whew…”
I had a dagger in hand when I finally regained my composure. 
She widened her eyes, her gaze meeting mine.
“You… you… you were just thinking… about it… weren’t you? Whether you should kill me… or not…”
“No… It’s not like that!”
“Li, lie! I can feel everything… I heard it… clearly…!”
With those words, I plunged the dagger into her. 
My comrades spat out words of hatred, but I couldn’t do anything.
If I hadn’t done it, she would have.
“Puhaha… Puhahahahaha!”
Captain Dreadfear.
He laughed heartily at my actions, his face filled with genuine joy. Then, playfully, he said,
“Well done. Now, who are you going to stab next?”
My body trembled, fueled by the excitement. I asked, 
“Ju, just… one… st, stab… then you’ll let me live…?”
“Of course, I won’t kill you. But… are you sure about this? If you put down the dagger, I’m thinking of letting these people live too.”
It felt like the world was spinning.
I realized I had been tricked, but it was too late.
My heart pounded like a drum, faster than it had ever been before. My comrades shouted at me.
To not fall for his tricks.
To regain my senses and honorably embrace His embrace.
It didn’t even register.
Their pleas were drowned out by visions of a terrible future.
My delusions had been my starting point, but it didn’t take long for me to accept them as truth.
I couldn’t put down the dagger.
I regained consciousness to find all my comrades dead, except me. With my mind half gone, I asked him if he was going to let me live now, and he replied,
“Go. I’ll let you live.”
His gaze seemed to be regarding me as a toy, and I ran, not daring to look back. I ran for hours without rest, and when I reached the cave entrance, I finally realized what I had done.
“N, no… I… I didn’t… I didn’t…”
New fear took root within me.
And there was only one way to escape it.
I stabbed myself with the same dagger I had used to kill my comrades. As consciousness faded, I saw Captain Dreadfear’s face in the distance.
“I knew from the moment I saw you. You’d be a good ingredient.”
His expression was serious as he scrutinized me, then called for a magician. The magician sprinkled a mysterious substance on my dying body. 
My corrupted soul was being torn apart, the pain was endless. Within that eternal torment, a warm energy caressed my soul. But that energy could only provide comfort; it could not mend my shattered soul.
“Whew… It’s finished.”
I shed my mortal form and was reborn as a new being. 
I possessed immense power and abilities beyond human comprehension, yet I was nothing more than an empty shell driven by desires and emotions. 
“…A unique case. It seems like he still has some of his sanity left.”
“That’s impossible.”
He tried to hide his fear as the magician spoke, and he approached me, asking,
“Now, tell me. What is your name?”
I replied,
“Dreadfear.”
“…What? That’s my name—.”
The sound of something breaking.
I no longer felt fear.
***
「The character has acquired fragments of the Nameless Pilgrim’s memories.」
「The character can now freely read and write in the Ancient Language.」
***
It was a fleeting memory, like a dream I’d had. 
But the emotions and sensations of that moment remained vivid.
The book, having reached its last page, burst into flames, dissolving into ashes.
Suddenly, I felt a presence and turned to see a figure staring at me from ten steps away.
“Dreadfear.”
No, maybe I should call him the Nameless Pilgrim now.
After I had gained my power, I had swallowed him whole and stolen his name.
‘…What in the world is going on?’
I was confused.
The raid was over.
I clearly felt the experience points flooding in earlier.
Then, who is this guy in front of me?
“I have a question.”
He opened his mouth as I scanned him with caution.
“Why… weren’t you afraid?”
I knew how he was born now.
From his perspective, he’d be utterly bewildered.
We hadn’t just heard auditory hallucinations or seen hallucinations caused by fear like him.
[The Prophet of Misfortune], able to see a terrible future.
He was given the ability to read other’s emotions, creating an environment that would encourage betrayal.
But that wasn’t all.
The Captain used a skill that forced people to believe his words. And when it seemed like we were going to barely win, he healed himself with an outrageous ability.
But…
“We don’t have any weaklings like you.”
Ultimately, none of us betrayed anyone.
His eyes flickered, and he nodded in response to my blunt answer.
“Is that so…”
This was the first time I had ever spoken to a boss monster, whether in the game or in real life. It felt strange.
But the most important thing was something else.
“Forget that, tell me now.”
A possibility that had emerged after everyone died.
“You’re all actually alive, aren’t you?”
“Before I answer, let me ask you a question. Why do you think that?”
“Because the dungeon was designed to be cleared only when someone was left alone.”
This was so unnatural.
I’d played [Dungeon and Stone] for nearly ten years, but there had never been a boss monster where the entire party could theoretically survive.
And his concept was another clue.
Fear, hatred, whatever. But in the end, the message that appeared when he came out was “Testing your faith.”
“…You’re truly remarkable.”
He let out a curious gasp in response to my explanation. 
“To understand even the faintest hints of the laws of the world.”
Laws of the world, my ass.
It’s just big data based on experience.
“Anyway, so what’s the answer?”
I asked again, and finally he gave me an answer.
“It’s up to you.”
It wasn’t the answer I was expecting, but as soon as I heard it, my whole body trembled.
Yes, it was true. Everyone wasn’t really dead.
“…Tell me. What do you mean by choice?”
“Exactly what it means.”
He extended his skeletal hand. 
The surrounding area lit up, revealing two stone gates.
「The Nameless Pilgrim offers you a choice.」
He presented two options.
“If you leave through that gate, you will regain everything you’ve lost here. It will be like awakening from a long nightmare.”
“And what if I leave through the other gate?”
“Everything will become reality. However, you will gain something new beyond what you’ve lost.”
Is this guy ever going to tire?
I get his concept, but he’s still going on about this?
I stared at him and asked,
“Then what if I smash your head here?”
That was a question any player would have to ask, considering the game was filled with hidden content.
He looked at me for a moment, then replied,
“You’ll gain even more.”
“...”
“That’s how the rules of this world work.”
Yeah, that’s right. 
It didn’t take long to make a decision.
]]]