## Declaration of War (1)
Though my player instincts and animosity towards him spurred me to ask the third option, the decision I would make was already set. 
I didn't know what the other doors held, but nothing, I was sure, could outweigh the worth of my three trusted comrades. 
"This isn't something I could handle alone," I thought, my eyes drifting to him. 
A sense of unease crept over me whenever our eyes met. It was as though I was gazing at a creature entirely different from myself.
"It seems you've reached a decision," he remarked.
"Yes, I'm going through that door."
As I stepped forward, he simply observed me in silence. Was it respect for my choice?
"Wait."
I paused before the door, turning to him. I had a simple reason. I didn't want to continue wondering.
"If… one of us had been swayed by your machinations, and betrayed the others, what would have happened then?"
This was an unprecedented hidden piece, even for me. I managed to overcome it somehow, but it had been gnawing at me ever since.
Fortunately, he willingly answered.
"According to the ordained order, my avatar would have gained strength."
"...So it was like that."
He'd clearly been trying to keep us alive, hoping to trigger betrayal. The design of this space was slowly becoming clear. 
Ultimately, I would face a boss alone. If betrayal occurred, the boss fight would become even more difficult. 
"And if we had failed the boss battle," I thought, "then it would have been game over, regardless of any stone gates."
Perhaps if this had been a game, we would have needed a certain level of friendship and trust in order to clear this stage in this way?
Whatever the reason, many of my questions had been answered. But I couldn't resist asking one more.
"Who… are you, exactly?"
"What do you mean?"
"You know what I mean."
This wasn't my first time conversing with a monster within the labyrinth. 
"It's been a while since I've seen a living creature. Where did you come from?"
Cambormier, the vampire duke of the Blood Citadel.
"You dogs of an empire consumed by greed. I shall punish you today."
The Knight of Apocalypse I'd met in the White Temple.
"If a truth is unknown to all… then what makes it different from a lie?"
The Doppelganger, and many others.
These conversations all felt scripted, as if they were just reciting predetermined lines. Indeed, they soon lost their reason, attacking with unbridled hostility. 
But this creature before me was different. It felt like it had a distinct entity. 
"And those cryptic words he uttered earlier..."
He'd said, when explaining the consequences of betrayal: "According to the ordained order, my 'avatar' would have gained strength." 
I couldn't say for sure, but piecing together all the information I'd gathered, I was beginning to grasp a certain truth.
Just like how [Dungeon & Stone] was a game based on this world. The labyrinth, too, had a clear inspiration. 
"Could it be," I cautiously suggested, "that all these monsters we've encountered in the labyrinth have originals? That you're also an original?"
He remained silent, his gaze fixed on me. A strange tension filled my body. It felt like his answer would bring me one step closer to unraveling the mysteries of this labyrinth.
But...
"Perhaps."
He shook his head after a long silence.
"You might figure it out eventually."
That was the end of our conversation.
*Bang!*
The stone gate, which had been tightly shut, swung open, and something nudged my back.
***
"You have flawlessly overcome the immense fear lurking in the labyrinth."
"No.12 'Trust' permanently acquired."
"The nameless pilgrim disappears forever from the labyrinth."
"Special Condition - Twisted memories permanently deleted."
"Hidden area unlocked."
"First-time achievement."
"Your extraordinary legacy will be forever etched in the Stone of Honor."
...
"The labyrinth is now closed."
"Character transferred to Raphdonia."
***
The warm light touched my closed eyelids. I lifted my head, blinking open my eyes to a gloomy sky. 
I stared at it for a while, lost in thought.
"...?"
I'd made it back alive.
I felt it every time, a sense of peace washing over me as I gazed at that sky.
Of course, it didn't last long.
"...Bjorn Yandell."
"I heard he was going to hunt the floor boss. I wonder how it went...?"
"Did they really succeed with only five of them...?"
The explorers, recognizing me, began to murmur amongst themselves. I quickly regained my senses and headed toward the checkpoint.
There was only one person waiting for us. Amelia, who had left the raid site to interrogate the saboteurs.
"...Thank goodness. You're all safe. I was so worried you wouldn't show up until the labyrinth closed."
Her tense gaze, constantly scanning the surroundings at the checkpoint, finally relaxed, and she let out a sigh of relief.
But another worry soon surfaced, I'm sure.
"Any casualties?"
Amelia, completely oblivious to our situation, was more concerned about our well-being than the success of the raid.
But all I could say was:
"No. Or… there shouldn't be any."
"Shouldn't be? What does that mean?"
"...It's complicated to explain."
We were all supposedly alive, but I needed to see it for myself to believe it.
"Just wait a bit."
Despite her curiosity, Amelia didn't ask any questions. She simply nodded.
After waiting for a while at the checkpoint, one by one, my comrades appeared. 
First came Erwen.
"Uncle...?"
She came running towards the checkpoint, collapsing onto the ground in exhaustion as she spotted me.
"This… isn't a dream...?"
"Don't worry. It's real."
"How… did this happen...?"
From her perspective, she had been aggroed and died. Now she'd woken up.
"I'll explain once we're all here."
Bercilla Goolande appeared soon after.
"Why are you so late? I was worried."
"I, I'm sorry. I, I don't understand… B, but this… isn't a dream… I, I clearly died…"
Bercilla reacted similarly to Erwen.
Amelia furrowed her brow in confusion.
"Died... ?"
"Like I said, it's complicated. I'll tell you everything once everyone's here."
"...Okay."
I spent a while calming Bercilla down while we waited at the checkpoint. Finally, Ainar arrived.
"Bjorn……!!!!"
Ainar roared, her presence felt from afar. Finally, I let out the breath I had been holding.
"Whew…"
Now I truly understood. 
We had all come back alive.
"...What, what is this! Is this… all a dream?! I clearly di—!"
Still caught in the aftermath, I swiftly covered Ainar's mouth with my hand.
"...Ugh! Ugh-uh! Oof!"
"Be quiet. Everyone's staring at you because of you."
"..."
"Let's move first. I'll explain everything later."
Once everyone was present, we quickly passed through the checkpoint and onto the street. As always, the area in front of the checkpoint was bustling with the friends and family of explorers.
"Bercilla, is it alright if we head to your house in Kommelbi?"
"I don't mind. It might be more reassuring to have the conversation there."
"Then that's settled."
We headed to the common platform and boarded a noble carriage to Kommelbi. It was one of the downsides of living in a bustling district. When I lived in Sector 7, I could just walk home.
"Captain! You're back!"
Auyen greeted us upon our arrival, as if he'd been waiting. The house was filled with the aroma of delicious food, enough to whet anyone's appetite.
Did he cook all this before we arrived?
"Thanks. But I need to talk, so could you head up for now?"
"...Of course. Please rest comfortably, and call me if you need anything."
After Auyen went upstairs, I asked Bercilla to activate the sound-dampening magic. We ate the exquisitely prepared food while we talked.
Of course, only Ainar and I touched the food.
"Yandell, stop eating and tell us what happened. I've been dying of curiosity this whole trip."
Right, that's where I should begin. 
I swallowed my last mouthful, chewing carefully, and began to explain everything in detail, leaving out the final conversation with the creature. 
The core of it all was this.
"So, it was always meant to be a scenario where the rest of the team had to die in order to clear it. Even if only one of you survived to defeat the enemy, we'd all wake up alive."
"Right, that's it."
After finishing my explanation, Amelia looked at me with curious eyes.
"Are you… alright?"
"Huh? What do you mean?"
"You're not exactly known for handling emotional distress well, so you must have been through a lot."
Oh, that.
I chuckled and replied.
"I'm fine."
I wasn't entirely unaffected, mentally. In fact, it had happened many times. 
But the result was all that mattered, right?
Anyway, I felt like my story was done, so I started asking questions.
"Amelia, what happened on your end?"
As I inquired about the results of her interrogation, Amelia's face darkened.
"I didn't obtain any evidence. They just said they received an order from the black market, but they didn't know who the client was."
"...I see."
Though I was disappointed, it wasn't Amelia's fault.
Well, Alminous Baron will manage somehow.
After dying and coming back to life, I didn't feel like it was that big of a deal.
However...
"Oh, and also..."
"...And?"
"No, I'll tell you later."
This is making me nervous for no reason.
Since she said she'd tell me later, I let it go for now.
"So, Erwen… what happened to you?"
"...Oh, me? I'm sorry, I was entrusted to you, but I couldn't escape. I tried everything, but I always ended up right back behind you. It was as though he was teleporting."
"Teleport...?"
Maybe he really did have that ability. 
Like, it activated once you went a certain distance away.
"But the strange thing is that he kept trying to persuade me, even right before I died. He said that it wasn't too late, even now."
Erwen's story was short, just a few sentences. But I could feel the torment and mental anguish she had gone through more than anyone.
"Erwen, you did well."
"...No, I didn't."
Now it was Bercilla's turn.
"Bercilla Goolande."
"...Yes?"
"I understand why you did it, but… never do that again."
"...Yes…"
I just gave her a little scolding.
The real important thing came next.
"Ainar…"
"...Yes?"
I asked cautiously. Ainar, who had been diligently eating, finally lifted her head.
It wasn't easy to get her to speak.
But I had to be sure.
"You know… at the very end… how much do you remember?"
"How much do I remember? What are you talking about?"
"I mean, do you remember what I told you."
To be precise, did she properly hear my demon confession? Ainar casually picked up a piece of meat with her fork and replied.
"Oh, that…? I think you were saying something… but I don't remember. I was about to pass out, so I couldn't hear properly."
Hmm, is she telling the truth?
I carefully observed her expressions, but couldn't find anything unusual.
It seems she really didn't hear it.
She wouldn't have made a fuss earlier if she had heard it.
"Why, what did you say?"
"Nothing. It was nothing important."
"Really?"
I quickly changed the subject. Ainar just shrugged it off, but the other women were freaking out.
"Why, I have a feeling I know what it was about."
"Yandell, that guy is surprisingly sentimental."
"………Why are you all doing this? You're making me embarrassed."
What the hell…
Instead of replying, I just chose to eat. The others seemed to have calmed down as well, picking up their spoons.
We continued to eat, chatting casually.
Then, it happened.
"Say… Yandell. What's with that bracelet? Were you wearing it before?"
It was only when I heard Bercilla's cautious question that I realized it.
"What the... ?"
A strange bracelet was on my wrist.
***
I was surprised by the unfamiliar equipment.
Erwen and Amelia also stopped eating and mumbled.
"I… just didn't say anything since you didn't mention it first…"
"I can't believe you didn't even know you were wearing it."
Why didn't I notice it earlier?
"Is it… maybe a reward...? You know, that reward you get for defeating the floor boss with five people."
Bercilla offered her theory, but it wasn't true. The reward for a standard 5-person clear wasn't something like a bracelet. 
Plus, I chose to save my comrades during the reward selection.
"...Could it be that there was more to it than just reviving everyone?"
…Well, if you think about it, that makes sense.
This was a hidden piece that was so well-hidden you wouldn't find it even after playing for nearly ten years.
Would a simple revival really be the only reward?
That would be ridiculous.
*Click*
I took off the bracelet, examining it carefully. I froze. 
I immediately knew what it was.
But I wasn't sure, so I gave it to Bercilla to appraise.
Bercilla, who had even earned the 'Special Appraiser' license that Raven couldn't get, identified the bracelet's true nature without even looking at it for long.
"Th, this… it's a Double Number…!"
Yes, it was definitely that.
Amelia, who was always interested in such treasures, eyes gleamed.
"Wait, a bracelet with Double Numbers… ?"
There was only one.
No.12 Trust.
Could it be a fixed reward?
Considering the hidden piece concept, there was no better item.
"...A Double Number event with a fixed reward."
What were the activation conditions?
If I could just figure out that much, I might be able to copy this item...
As I was thinking that...
*Ding, dong, ding, dong.*
The bell I had installed at the front door rang.
"A visitor at this hour... ?"
I stopped eating and opened the door, revealing a group of knights, presumably from Mozzlan.
"Greetings, Baron Yandell."
They greeted me politely, their eyes meeting mine, so it didn't seem like they were here with bad news.
I quickly acknowledged their greeting and asked about their business.
"...Two hours ago, a new accomplishment was etched on the Stone of Honor."
A new accomplishment?
What does that have to do with me?
As I was thinking that, the knight said,
"It's Baron Yandell's accomplishment."
It seems the reward wasn't just a bracelet.
I hastily checked the inscription on the stone and froze like a statue.
[In Year 157 of the Great Shift, Bjorn Yandell, the mighty warrior of the Barbarian tribe, and his comrades vanquished the Dread Fear, the Dread Lord, and opened a hidden region.]
I never expected there to be more regions to unlock.