## Declaration of War (3)
Two days after the labyrinth closed. 
“Did I sleep for over 30 hours…?” 
The final moments had been tough, but I hadn’t expended that much energy within the labyrinth. Even a short sleep left me feeling refreshed.
Drrrrrrrrrr-!!
Still drowsy, I descended to the first floor. Ainar was just as I had left her, sprawled across the sofa.
“She really does sleep like a log…”
Needing something to eat, I headed for the kitchen. A simple meal had been prepared. Had she done this on purpose, just in case anyone woke up early?
“…Perhaps she’d be better suited as a butler than an explorer.”
My admiration for Auyen’s thoughtfulness was fleeting, as I quickly devoured the plentiful food, silencing my growling stomach. 
Stepping out into the foyer, I checked the mailbox. Countless letters had arrived while I slept.
“What the…?”
Each one I examined was an invitation. They began with flowery compliments and praise, all culminating in a request for a meeting. 
A wave of nostalgia washed over me. 
The same thing had happened when I first rose to prominence, I realized.
“…There are quite a few application forms, too.”
Curiosity piqued, I skimmed the resumes, finding many applicants of a surprisingly high caliber. The most impressive was a man who had reached the ninth floor in his prime. He was a high-ranking explorer, naturally, with a renowned title to his name.
“Too bad. If he hadn't been a tank, I might have considered him…”
I planned to invest heavily in the clan later, but for now, we had only one team.  And we didn’t need another tank.
For the second team, I intended to have Sven Parav and Kaislan handle the tanking role.
“Perhaps I’ll contact him when we form the third team.”
Regardless, it was deeply satisfying to have a high-ranking explorer like this express interest in joining, without even my scout.
It was Team Halfway, wasn’t it? The team I had formed with that dwarf as the figurehead. 
“…We didn’t have much, but those were truly fun times.”
I chuckled, continuing to sort through the letters. 
Unfortunately, there wasn’t a single priest among the many applications.
“Even with this much fame, priests can only be recruited after they’ve earned sufficient merit points, can they?”
It was a bit ironic. After all this time, after enduring so many hardships to get this far, not a single priest had ever officially joined our team.
Well, potions were becoming less effective, and we definitely need a healer—
“…Eh?”
As I was sorting through the letters, one caught my eye. It made me pause.
‘Count Alminus…?’
The familiar crest on the golden wax seal made me tear open the envelope and read the contents. 
As expected of a letter from a noble house, it had an exceptionally long introduction. 
The essence of it can be summarized as follows: 
[Count Alminus wishes to resolve the misunderstanding between us. Please visit whenever you have the time.]
The count was extending a hand of reconciliation.
***
“A misunderstanding…”
Why was the count suddenly making this turnaround?
If I had to guess, it had to do with the Stone of Honor.
Seeing my influence grow so quickly, he likely decided that becoming my enemy would be more of a detriment than a benefit.
It had always been a matter of pride for him; he probably never really cared about the money.
Of course, there could be a completely different motive behind this.
‘Well, I’ll meet the count next time I have a free schedule…’
With nothing else to do until night, I went back to my room and finished my sleep.  Later in the evening, I bid farewell to Amelia and scaled the wall.
“Are you sure you don’t want to come with me?”
“I’m fine. It’s easier for me to go alone.”
“Hmm, if you insist.”
Wearing iron armor even in the dead of night, I moved as discreetly as possible, avoiding people's eyes. It wasn’t until I reached a tavern on the outskirts of Commely that I stopped.
“This place is a wreck.”
The building was more than just old; it was on the verge of collapse. 
Naturally, the tavern was no longer open. The sign hung loose, rusted beyond repair.
Squeak-
The interior was even worse than the exterior.  It was like a construction site, littered with debris and thick with dust.
Except for the path leading inwards.
‘So many footprints.’
Following the footprints, there was no need to look around. A staircase leading down to the basement soon appeared.
At the bottom of the stairs was a single iron door, but no hulking figure stood guard before it.
There was no system in place that required such protection, after all.
‘I wonder what’s behind this door?’
It had been one of the things I was curious about when I played the game, so I forced the door open.
Squeak, squeak, WHOOSH!
The door came off its hinges, falling to the ground.
However, contrary to my expectations, there was nothing beyond it but a wall.
‘Talk about underwhelming.’
The disappointment of there being no hidden puzzle behind the door was short-lived. 
I placed the magic stone I had obtained beforehand into a groove beside the door’s former location and held up my access card.
And then.
FLASH!
My location shifted.
The black market could only be reached through teleportation, which explained why there were hundreds, if not thousands, of entrances scattered throughout the vast city.
‘How did I miss this place?’
A small stone chamber, no bigger than one pyeong. 
There was a single door leading into the corridor, with the number 217 written above it.
‘Well, if this is 217, it means I still have a long way to go to reach the main street.’
With that thought in mind, I began walking towards the door, ready to open it.
Suddenly.
CREAK!
The door on the other side opened first, revealing three hulking figures wearing masks.
In the game, there wasn’t any kind of greeting service.
“What do you want?”
“…Did you damage the door before arriving here?”
“Ah, that?”
I hadn’t imagined for a second that they would already know. But I answered honestly.
“I was curious about what was behind it.”
“…We’ll need to accompany you.”
“What if I don’t want to?”
“I didn’t ask for your opinion just now. Get them, you two!”
As the first hulking figure shouted, the other two approached. 
A little regret started to creep in.
…Did I really have to break the door?
‘I wanted to have a look around while I was here, but oh well.’
No point dwelling on it now. I might as well get this over with. 
THUD!
I swung my arm and shoved the two hulking figures beside me.
It was as easy as swatting away a fly.
However, the two, pushed back against the wall, didn’t become enraged and charge at me. They even put some distance between themselves and me.
“…So you are an explorer, as expected?”
“You’re getting short with me?”
“Because you’re nothing but a nuisance. We have to tailor our service accordingly.”
“Oh, is that right?”
I scratched my ear with my pinky finger as the first hulking figure lowered his voice.
“Judging by your build, you’re either a barbarian or a beastkin. And you’re probably new here.”
“How do you know?”
“If you knew anything about this place, you wouldn’t have done anything so reckless. Kid.”
It was a little hurtful.
As if there were anyone in this world who knew the black market better than I did.
THUD!
I shrugged off my heavy armor before getting to work.
There was no need to hide my identity anymore.
“…A barbarian, were you?”
He didn’t recognize me, which was surprising.
However, it didn’t matter.
WHOOSH!
Oura erupted from the first hulking figure’s sword.
This wasn’t the cave from the other day.
As long as my skills worked normally, oura wouldn’t pose any threat to me.
Just like this.
WHISH!
He chose to stab rather than slash, probably because of the cramped space.
I stretched out my hand and caught the blade.
“…!”
Oh, the oura-wielding kids, always the same reaction. 
The shock he felt was transmitted through the trembling blade.
I smirked and pulled the sword towards me.
And then…
CRUNCH!
I slammed my fist into his face.
Alright, one down. 
“…Support! We need support!”
The moment he collapsed, the other two, pretending to seek reinforcement, tried to escape. However, I quickly grabbed them by the back of their necks and smashed them against the wall, taking care of them efficiently.
‘Those two were surprisingly weak.’
I flicked my hands, brushing off the blood.
This was mostly their blood, but there was some of mine mixed in as well. 
I hadn’t even used [Gigantification], but it seemed I’d gotten a rather deep wound while blocking the blade with my bare hands.
But it wasn’t something to worry about. 
My natural regeneration stats were enough to heal it quickly without a trace. 
“Alright, let’s see what we’ve got here.”
Before heading into the corridor, I bent down and removed the first hulking figure’s mask.  Or rather, I should say, I brushed off the shattered pieces of the mask.
However, it was impossible to recognize his face, his nose bone crushed and covered in blood.
“…What a den of iniquity. I never thought security here would be this tight.”
I muttered, my voice laced with ridicule. He reacted with a choked voice.
“B-Bjorn… Yandel…?”
It seemed he had finally regained consciousness and remembered me.
“Y-You… you’re the one that… how…?”
“How what? I’m here because I have business. But while you’re awake, let’s get a few things straight.”
“…”
“Where’s the…?”
Oh, he’s passed out.
Without hesitation, I dropped him to the ground and walked out into the corridor.  A few onlookers in the stone chamber recoiled in fear as I approached.
From their attire, it seemed they were clients, not staff.
‘They wouldn’t know anything, anyway…’
“Hey, what’s going on here?!”
A new hulking figure, noticing the crowd, emerged from the corner and hurried towards us.
And then…
“T-This is…?”
He noticed the open door and the scene beyond it, and he trembled.  I felt like the villain in a horror movie, seeing his reaction.
“…Aah!”
He was about to run away, but I swiftly grabbed him by the back of the neck and lifted him up.
“Where do I go to meet the black market boss?”
“…I, I can’t tell you…”
“You’ll die if you don’t.”
I tried to intimidate him, but he only closed his eyes, as if accepting his fate.
“D, die… I’d rather that than become a, a… a betrayed person…?”
“Oh, is that right?”
CRUNCH!
I gave him a quick slap on the back of the head and dropped him back to the floor. It seemed I wouldn’t be able to get the location out of these guys by intimidation.
However, it was a minor inconvenience.
DING! DING! DING! DING!
A bell rang urgently, as if there were a war going on.
“Intruder! Intruder!”
Hulking figures began to respawn rapidly, as if in a burning event. I shouted,
“BEHEL—AAAAAAAAR!”
I’ll just break everything until I find what I’m looking for. 
***
[The character has used [Gigantification].]
[The character has used a transformation-type ability.]
[Due to the effect of [Primordial Cells], the ability’s soul power consumption has been reduced by half, and the character’s highest stat has been increased by 1.5 times.]
***
The black market exists somewhere underground.
No one knows its exact location, but the story is taken as gospel in this world.
For a good reason.
If there was a building the size of three football fields above ground, it would have been discovered long ago.
DING! DING! DING! DING!
Ugh, it’s so loud.
When will that damn thing stop?
And when will I find the main street?
‘This place is ridiculously huge.’
Ah, but there was one advantage to the building’s size.
Unlike the cramped stone chamber, the corridor was tall and wide, making it comfortable to use [Gigantification].
Just like this.
WHOOSH! WHOOSH! WHOOSH! WHOOSH!
With [Gigantification] activated, I charged through the wide corridor, taking up its entirety.
People could be divided into two types.
“R, run away…!”
Clients who had only come to buy a few things saw me and ran away in terror.
“Block him…!”
And hulking figures who charged towards me, overrunning the clients.
I had realized it the moment I saw the oura-wielding guy, but these hulking figures were stronger than I had anticipated.
‘They’re about level 4 on average…’
Of course, that’s the average.  There were plenty of guys who seemed like they could handle level 6 just fine.
Considering their infinite respawn, this would be a dangerous place to be alone, even for me.
But I was calm, as if on a picnic.
They couldn’t kill me, no matter what they did.
Not because of my strength, but for another reason.
“…H, hold on! T, there’s been an order. Capture him, but try not to injure him too much.”
“Y, you’re saying… capture him?”
So, word has reached the higher-ups that I’m here.
WHOOSH! WHOOSH! WHOOSH!
As I sped forward, a hulking figure, his face deathly pale, let out a choked voice.
“B-But how are we supposed to capture that… monster?!”
The hulking figure, trying to follow the order from above, trembled and swung his weapon.
But when I charged forward without hesitation, he quickly changed course and slammed his weapon into the wall.
CRASH!
He was trying to follow orders, which was admirable, but he was also being a fool. 
He wouldn’t even be able to scratch me with that thing, even if he swung it with all his might.
“Hey, Baron Yandel! S, stop!  The, the higher-ups want to, to talk to you—!”
What the hell, things are just getting interesting.
I charged forward even more confidently, now that I had an invincible dodge skill.
CRASH! THUD! CLANG!
The hulking figures’ weapons never touched me.
It was a whole new world.
I was just running, and the attacks were all missing on their own?  Is this what it feels like to see the world through the eyes of a martial arts master, a master of the art of dodging?
“Huhahahaha!!”
I ran on, even more excited.
“Shield wall!”
At some point, the hulking figures began to form a wall with their shields, blocking my path.
It was a desperate measure from the higher-ups.
If I died, the black market would be finished.
The black market had a reputation of being above even the nobles, but were they really an underground organization that could challenge the nobles themselves?
“I’ve said it before! Don’t attack me!”
The higher-ups knew for sure.
They understood that harming a baron would lead to their own destruction.
The only way they could deal with me was to kill me unseen, but I had already encountered countless clients on my way here.
In other words, I had plenty of witnesses.
“Hiding behind shields, you cowardly bastards!”
“…?!”
“Show yourself, you leader of this den of iniquity!  Bjorn Yandel will strike you down in the name of the royal family!”
“W, we told you! The, the president also wants to, to talk to you—!”
“BEHEL—AAAAAAAAR!”
How long had I been breaking through these hulking figures?
As their numbers grew, the shield wall became more sturdy, and even mages and ability users joined in, raining down curses, I began to struggle.
THUD!
I stopped for the first time and turned around. The hulking figures behind me were just as densely packed.
‘Hmm, if they just let me walk in, they’re definitely underestimating me…’
As I pondered this, a figure who seemed to hold some rank emerged from the shield wall.
“…Baron, please calm down and talk this out—!”
“There’s no point in talking to you, you fiends!”
“…But you’re trapped, are you not?!”
Trapped?
Those idiots really don’t know anything about barbarians.
‘Okay, that settles it.’
I swung my hammer with all my might.
Not towards the hulking figures who were shielding themselves with their shields, but at the left wall.
CRASH!
I’ll just make a path.
]]]