## Declaration of War (4)
KWA-A-A-A-A-NG!
I continued to run, leaping through the broken wall and along the empty passage.  Whenever I encountered an obstruction, I swung my hammer again.
KWA-A-A-A-A-NG-!
Occasionally, the passage behind the wall would be completely blocked, with no way forward.  But this wasn't a major obstacle.  The structure of the building meant there would always be a way up or down.
Like this.
KWA-A-NG-!
I smashed through the ceiling and climbed to the upper floor, where a peculiar scene greeted me.  A dim light, vastly different from the one I was used to.  A narrow, long corridor lined with dozens of iron cages on both sides.  And within them, countless beings from various races.  These weren't barbarians, yet they all bore the same tattoo in the same position.  
'Slaves….'
The individuals, despite the sudden appearance of the giant barbarian who had shattered the floor, merely stared vacantly into space with lifeless eyes.  As a 21st-century barbarian, I felt a strange sensation. 
'So, slavery still exists in this place.'
In fact, slavery was illegal in Laphdonia.  Once, criminals were legally reduced to slavery, but that practice ended over a century ago with a legal reform.  Slaves who had committed heinous crimes were immediately executed, while those who had been enslaved due to inherited status or inability to pay fines for minor offenses were restored to the status of ordinary citizens.
Of course, most of those former slaves died soon after, as they couldn't possibly pay taxes properly.
"Hey."
I addressed the youngest child whose eyes still held a flicker of life.
"……!"
He froze, pressing his back against the wall in fear.  But I continued my questioning, undeterred.
"How did you end up here?"
Sadly, the answer came from the burly man who had emerged behind him.
"……S, stop it! Baron Yandel!"
So what? What will you do?  They couldn't do anything except stand there and watch me.
I ignored them and focused on the child.  Surprisingly, the burly man's shout seemed to help.
"Giant...?"
He softly repeated my title, then, with wide eyes, approached the bars.
"Giants... are heroes, aren't they? They save people and punish villains… is that true?"
"Well, partly."
"……Will you save us too?"
"No."
I spoke frankly.
"I just happened to find you. Now, tell me. How did you end up trapped here?"
Despite the man beside him pleading for him to stop, the child finally spoke.
"My mother... couldn't repay her debt. So, they said I have to pay it back."
"What about your mother? What happened?"
"She... died because she couldn't pay her taxes."
"And what about the fairy girl next to you?"
I glanced at the woman sharing the cage with him and asked.
"My sister Riley couldn't pay her debt either. They said she could pay it back, but bad people wouldn't let her. So, they brought her here."
"……"
"...She said she would escape and come save me, but after she was taken away by the bad people a few times and came back, she stopped talking."
"I see."
I now understood why only this child had such vibrant eyes.  Those who resisted had been subjected to even harsher brainwashing.  
A person's will is surprisingly easy to break.
'Well, I’ve gotten the information I needed….'
I ended the conversation with the child and shifted my gaze towards the burly men.  When our eyes met, the one at the front flinched.  
As if a bully had been caught tormenting a weaker friend.
Thump.
I took a step forward and questioned them.
"Do you know?"
The burly man in the front raised his shield higher and swallowed hard.
"I have never killed anyone."
I knew these were bad men and I had beaten them mercilessly, but I had controlled my strength so as not to kill them.
"Why do you think that is?"
"……They judged that you wouldn't want to completely alienate yourself from us. That was the consensus from above."
"Really?"
I acknowledged it coolly.
"That’s right."
It was clear they had figured out my intentions from the start.  They had maintained a defensive stance against me, an intruder, because they had sensed my intentions.  Had I been going around killing everyone, these men wouldn’t have just stood there with shields.  They would have gotten orders to simply keep them alive.
Therefore, my plan was to establish dominance, then engage in a dialogue with their leader and get what I wanted.  
But…….
"If you have any requests, tell me now."
There’s a reason Plan B is called Plan B.  In this unpredictable world, unexpected events are unavoidable. 
Just like this.
"We are prepared to speak with the Baron—."
Before the burly man finished his sentence, I struck his jaw.
KWA-JIK-!
He flew like a baseball, smashing into the wall and collapsing to the ground, writhing like a worm.
"Tough."
I said nonchalantly, looking at the man.
"I was going to kill him this time."
At the same time, the burly men behind him all flinched.  They were still trying to grasp the situation, caught off guard by the sudden turn of events…
"What… do you mean?"
Ah, that?
"Baron, you also said it just now, that you wouldn't want to alienate yourself from us."
"Yes, I did."
I raised my hammer, watching the man writhing in pain.  
His expression changed.
"Stop it. You will surely regret this…."
It was a strange thing to say.
"Why would I regret it?"
With that, I swung my hammer with all my might.
KWA-JIK-!
The man’s wriggling stopped.
"You are the ones who will regret it."
Isn’t that right?
***
"……"
"……"
There was no further conversation.  After I swung my hammer, the burly men kept their mouths shut, focusing all their attention on my every move.
Swish.
They took a step back for every step I took.  I was mentally calculating the perfect moment to break through their ranks when I heard a sound.
KII-I-I-I-IK-!
A door was opening behind me.  I turned around and saw a heavy iron door opening in the distance, at the end of the corridor leading through the cages.  A middle-aged man emerged from the open door, flanked by several burly men who seemed to be his loyal protectors.
"Let’s stop here, Baron Yandel."
"Who are you?"
"Mel, the current head of the Shadow Guild."
In other words, this guy was the owner of the black market.
The guy, who introduced himself as Mel, motioned to his subordinates.
"How about that fellow? Is he alive?"
"……He is still breathing, Lord Mel."
"Good."
Mel turned to me and asked.
"Baron Yandel. Before we engage in a proper discussion, would you mind if we treated this fellow first?"
"Do you think I, a Baron of Laphdonia, would heed the demands of a group of rebels?"
"Haha, rebels? Baron Yandel, you seem to have a rather unfavorable view of us."
"Then why would I have a favorable view of those who disregard the law?"
"Hmm, is that so?"
He nodded, as if acknowledging the validity of my point.  Then, his voice became cold.
"Everyone, leave."
Everyone's eyes widened at his words.
"……Lord Mel!"
"It's too dangerous!"
His subordinates went into a panic, but Mel’s decision remained firm.
"I won’t repeat myself."
He usually kept them under control, but his single word made the burly men fall silent and begin to leave.
Thump, thump.
Mel, now alone with me in the corridor, approached me.
To be honest, I was quite surprised.  What was this?  Was this guy actually incredibly strong?  Or was this some sort of clone that wouldn't matter if it died? 
Various possibilities swirled in my mind.
Swish.
He stopped in front of me, turned his back, and crouched down.  Then, he pulled out a potion from his pocket and sprinkled it over the fallen man.
CHII-I-I-I-I-IK-!
The man, whose face was partially crushed, began to bubble.  He had been unconscious and waiting for the moment of death, but his body began to tremble slightly.
"Top-grade potion."
"Yes, it is."
I couldn’t understand.  What was going on here?  I couldn’t make sense of it no matter how hard I thought.  So, I asked directly.
"What are you doing?"
"I saved my dying subordinate."
"You could have died."
"Yes, but he is my man."
For a moment, I was speechless.  I had seen many leaders in my lifetime, but never this type.
"You risk your life for just that?"
"Value is subjective. Just as you changed your mind after seeing these slaves, Baron."
"……You're a funny guy."
"Now, shall we move?  This place doesn’t seem like an ideal location for our conversation."
He turned his back and began to walk, and, bewildered, I simply followed him.
We went through several doors before reaching a small room.
"This is one of the private rooms we prepare for our customers. We have sent all the customers back to the city, so there shouldn’t be anyone to disturb us."
He sat at the table in the center of the room.  He looked at me, as if asking why I wasn’t sitting down.
At that moment, I couldn’t help but ask.
"Aren't you scared?"
"I am."
"You don’t seem to act like it."
"But there is no other choice, is there? If I harm Baron Yandel, our family, including this place, will cease to exist. I am not that reckless."
"But isn’t this reckless?"
"If I die, that’s it. Someone else will take my place. It might take some time, but everything will return to normal. Dirty water always gathers in the lowest places."
"……"
"Of course, you, Baron, will be left to vent your anger, without getting what you want."
I wondered what kind of guts this guy had.  We hadn’t spoken for long, but I could already tell.  This guy was no pushover.
But I wasn’t going to be dragged around anymore.
"So, what do you want to say?"
"It’s you who needs to speak, Baron. You came here because you want something, didn’t you?"
Ah, that's true.  Oh, what do I say now?  I had to maintain the upper hand, but now I was at a loss for words.  I decided to ignore the whole power dynamic and just tell him what I wanted.
"Give me the identities of the clients."
This was the main reason I came to the black market.
'[A few magicians... have placed requests with the black market.]'
They were trying to get a barbarian’s heart, as supplies were dwindling.
'[Ah, they... there is also a request to get Baron's heart... on the black market….]'
They even wanted my heart.
And…….
'[I, I swear... I only took the request from the black market... I do not know who the client is...  I swear….]'
They even dared to place a request to sabotage a Tier-Lord raid.
"I see... that is why you have come here, Baron Yandel."
"Don't beat around the bush, just answer."
"Asking for the identities of our clients is a very difficult request for us."
"So, you’re saying you can't?"
"No. I am a merchant. This will reduce the number of requests, but it’s better than alienating myself from you, Baron."
"What does that mean?"
"I will prepare the information of the clients so that you can receive it by today."
Mel calmly agreed to my request.  The development was completely unexpected.  I had thought we would have to go back and forth much longer before he would agree to my request, even after all the commotion.
"So, are you finished now?"
"No, I have one more thing."
"Ask."
Then, I made one final request to Mel.
"Release the slaves."
I couldn’t leave after seeing them in those cages.
"Hmm, Baron Yandel, you seem to believe in human dignity, do you?"
"You’re asking a lot of questions.  This was supposed to be a yes or no question, don’t you think?"
"...Would you mind if I did some calculations?"
"Go ahead."
Mel, with no fear, closed his eyes and began to think.  He opened his eyes about three minutes later.
"Alright, I will release all the slaves and I will no longer be involved in the slave trade."
"……That was quick."
I tried to gauge him, but he answered calmly, as if there was nothing to hide.
"Honestly, this is a business I wanted to quit a long time ago."
"Quit?"
"The buyers often failed to manage their slaves properly.  There were several times when things almost went wrong because of this."
He said that because of this, he had considered quitting the business several times, but he didn’t have any justification to end a business that had brought in huge profits for generations.
"Now that you are here, Baron Yandel, no one will be able to object. It’s a good thing, actually."
"……"
"So, are you really finished?"
"Yes. As soon as I get the information on the clients and the slaves, I will disappear from your sight."
"Then, I’ll need to take care of it as quickly as possible."
With that, he called his subordinates again and gave them various instructions.  By dawn, I had received the information on the clients and the hundreds of slaves.
And…….
"Mel Asmond."
I asked him before we parted.
"Why are you giving in so easily?"
He didn’t answer, just looked at me with a strange expression.
"Baron Yandel, you seem to know about our family as well."
Well, I’ve been through the black market episode in the game before.  I even know about the family that has reigned over this place for a long time.
But…….
"That’s not what I asked."
I pressed him again.  He finally admitted his true intentions.
"Heroes always die young. There's no reason for us to catch a falling knife."
In other words, he was implying that if I acted like this, I wouldn’t live long.
‘This guy is interesting.’
Mel Asmond, the owner of the black market.  I had a feeling I would see this guy again.
]]]