## The Declaration of War (5)
There’s a saying that you should check out your partner's room before getting married. It reflects how a room holds traces of its owner. It reveals whether they like flamboyant things or are frugal, whether they’re lazy or diligent, their preferred colors, hobbies, and even their profession. You can sketch out a vague outline of a person based only on their room, even if you know nothing else about them.
This reception room, for example, is a perfect illustration of this.
“…”
The interior is filled with a heavy, luxurious atmosphere. Although the décor isn’t overtly extravagant, the furniture and decorations clearly scream of lavish spending.
Crackle.
The table is laden with an array of pastries, enough to feed more than one person. 
Tinkle-tinkle.
A dedicated servant stands by the entrance, constantly replenishing the empty glasses to a suitable level.
Ah, but the highlight was yet to come.
‘This is the first time I’ve seen a reception room with a dedicated musician.’
A bald musician sits in a corner, serenading us with a soothing melody on a stringed instrument.
‘Judging by his performance, he’s not a temporary hire for today.’
I’m struck once again by the character of this reception room’s owner.
‘A businessman at heart, I see.’
In this room, hospitality trumps ostentation.
Just by sitting here, I understand.
Not how wealthy this owner is, but how diligently he’s trying to impress me.
‘The appointment is in five minutes. He seems intent on being punctual.’
With that in mind, I crossed my legs and spread open a newspaper.
It wasn’t a specific paper I chose, but the first page itself featured an article about me.
To be honest, any newspaper I picked would likely have a similar article.
[The Great Hero, Baron Yandell, Recorded in the Stone of Honor, Draws His Sword Against the Traitorous Scum of the Underworld…!]
The events that unfolded at the black market three days ago have finally been publicized.
It’s no surprise though, considering that even with Mozlan trying to hush it up, it would have been impossible to hide 397 slaves without anyone noticing.
‘The fact that most of the buyers were nobles isn’t in the article, though.’
The article is riddled with holes, but it still provides plenty of useful information.
For example, the slaves who were marked dead have all regained their status.
They’re currently residing in a temporary shelter provided by Mozlan, and a new policy is being prepared to exempt them from paying taxes for the next five years.
Ah, there’s even an interview.
[…He told us that the regret should be on our part, not his.]
It’s anonymous, but the content suggests it’s the little girl trapped in the cage…
‘Oh, the black market’s shut down, is it? Well, it’s best to lie low in times like these.’
As I was absorbed in reading the newspaper, the servant waiting at the entrance approached me.
“Count Alminus has arrived.”
“Really?”
I folded the newspaper and placed it on the table.
“Tell him to come in.”
It was time to start business.
***
[Character's Fame Stat increased by +10.]
[Character's Fame Stat increased by +10.]
[Character's Fame Stat increased by +10….]
[….]
[….]
***
“Hahahahahaha!”
“Hehehe…!”
The reception room reverberates with the boisterous laughter of a crude man and the mellow chuckle of an old man.
A photographer diligently captures this scene, positioned beside the table.
There’s a very business-like reason behind this photo shoot.
The photographer’s A-cut will fetch a hefty 21 billion 350 million stones.
“Baron Yandell, could you laugh a little more… a little more savagely… I mean, manly?”
“Of course! Hahahahahaha!!”
“Count, if you could gaze towards that spot and laugh, that would be great.”
“Of course, of course. Hehehe! Heheheh…!”
Count Alminus proposed a deal: in exchange for dropping his lawsuit against me, which carried a 21 billion stone settlement, he wanted a picture of himself laughing amicably with me.
He claims that each one of my photos will be preserved and cherished for posterity.
Given that he’s an old man with a limited lifespan, he seems to care more about how he’ll be remembered after death.
Of course, my initial reaction was, ‘What in the world is this nonsense?’
However, upon reflection, I found it somewhat understandable.
Think about it. If I had a picture of my grandfather with Einstein, it would be pretty cool, wouldn’t it?
“Hahahahahaha!!”
“Hehehe! Heheheh…!”
Anyways, while we were laughing, the photographer started throwing requests at us.
He claimed that this photo doesn’t adequately depict the cross-species friendship.
He gave me a cheap beer, Count a glass of wine, and instructed us to toast.
And then…
“Perfect! This is it!”
That was our A-cut for today.
Count Alminus personally reviewed the photo, appeared to be very pleased, and generously handed me a bonus. That concluded today’s business.
“Hehehe, you’ve worked hard, Baron. You must be tired. Why not have some dinner here.”
“I’m fine. I’m not hungry.”
“…”
Oops, my bad.
“I have someone waiting for me back home. Unfortunately, I think I’ll have to pass on dinner. Maybe next time.”
“Hehehe, of course. It’s best to have dinner with family.”
A shrewd businessman at heart, Count Alminus brushed off my mistake with a chuckle.
Then, he presented me with an offer.
“By the way, I heard you did something amazing recently. You know, the whole thing with raiding the black market and rescuing 397 slaves.”
“Ah….”
“Seeing your youthful vigor makes my old blood boil! I’d like to help with your good deeds, but….”
Hehehe, what’s he trying to say?
He’s politely asking if I’m okay with him picking up the tab.
I was about to refuse outright, but his following words changed my mind.
“Those kids, you know. Almost 400 of them, and they still don’t have proper shelter.”
“…So?”
“If you give me the go-ahead, I think I might be able to lend a hand. Even with the tax exemption, they need a roof over their heads to start anew, right?”
It was a very surprising offer.
Giving a house to over 400 people.
No wonder the Alminus family is considered the wealthiest in the kingdom.
“It’s a good thing for the world to have more heroes. Go ahead. Why would I refuse?”
I readily accepted his offer.
Even if it wasn’t pure altruism, it would be a huge help to those involved.
“Don’t worry. You’ll be the main character in the end.”
With those words, I left the Count’s mansion.
The next morning, a headline in the newspaper made a splash across the front page.
[Count Alminus Pledges 20 Billion Stone Personal Donation. When Asked for Reason, He Says It’s Just a Matter of Helping an Old Friend.]
It came with a photo we took earlier that day.
***
“Ugh, I’m basically a museum exhibit now, huh?”
No sooner did I put down the newspaper with a sense of unease, than 
Shavin, the captain of the Administrative Legion, burst into my tent.
And…
“The Labyrinth closed ages ago, and you’re just showing up now?!”
She yelled at me in an irritated tone.
“Uh, uh…?”
“Take these documents first. Don’t even think about leaving until you check everything and approve it!”
Shavin seems a lot tougher than I remember.
I brush it off, chalking it up to excessive work stress.
“Ah, I’ll check it, so stop getting mad, okay?”
“…”
“Why are there so many documents? I delegated most of the authority to you.”
“…It’s just the remaining parts I haven’t delegated. As the budget keeps increasing, I have to set the overall budget every month, but I can’t do that alone. Yandell didn’t come back, so I had to create temporary approval documents and keep track of the records. This should have been done once, but it took me twice or even three times!”
“Oh, I see…”
How do I escape?
As I’m contemplating an escape plan, Shavin’s eyes sparkle.
“Don’t even think about running.”
“…Why don’t you just handle this, too?”
“Ha! Sure, I can do it! I’ll set the budget deficit, write down how much we should sell the next plot of land for, and even set my own salary! Just like that!”
Shavin raised his voice, implying a ridiculous scenario.
Frankly, I don’t get it.
I understand she’s using sarcasm…
“Why not, then?”
“…………Huh?”
“Shavin, I trust you. More than anyone else.”
“…………?”
“Even if you make mistakes, I won’t blame you. I’ll take full responsibility. It was me who entrusted you with that position. That’s why I’m the clan leader, you know.”
“…”
“So trust yourself and do it. You’re the best in this field, aren’t you? Just like I’m the expert in the Labyrinth. You’re the most diligent, so your decision made after careful consideration will be better than mine.”
Okay, judging by his expression, I think I’ve almost convinced her.
Time for the finishing blow.
“The same goes for your salary. Take as much as you want.”
“………That’s a recipe for disaster, you know?”
“Well, if it’s a value you place on yourself, I won’t deny it.”
After I finished speaking, Shavin stared at me for a long time without saying a word.
Then, after an unknown amount of time, she spoke…
“…I’ve always thought that if I were in that position, I wouldn’t be like that. I could do better. But I guess I was just scared to be in that kind of position.”
“Everyone’s scared of the unknown at first.”
My warm encouragement seemed to have made Shavin make up her mind. She clenched his fist.
“…I’ll try. If I don’t after hearing all that, then there’s no excuse. It means I’m just that kind of person.”
“Alright, do well.”
I managed to escape successfully, and without looking back, I left the tent.
I found Ainar wandering near the holy ground and gave her a task.
“Gather all the warriors within the holy ground?”
“Yeah, I have something to tell them.”
I feel bad for the Administrative Legion, working day and night, but this is actually why I came to the holy ground.
I need a little performance this time.
“I’ll try to gather them all. But there will be a lot of them.”
“A lot?”
“Didn’t you know? Everyone’s been building houses lately, so there are tons of warriors eating and sleeping at the holy ground.”
“I did hear about the third sale being completed, but I didn’t think there would be that many.”
“They can’t build houses by themselves, can they? They call in their friends, and their friends’ friends, and they just keep building houses every day.”
Oh, that’s right.
“Anyways, gather them all! Tell them there’s something interesting happening!”
“Interesting…?”
“You’ll know when you see it.”
“Hehehe! You’re plotting something! I don’t know what it is, but let’s do it! I’m in!”
With that, Ainar excitedly went off to gather the warriors, and I waited at the designated location.
As time passed, warriors who received word began to gather one by one.
Most of them looked a little unfamiliar.
They were still holding their hammers from building houses.
The fake hammers used for hammering nails.
“The Clan Leader is here!”
“Ooh!! The great warrior who’s been recorded on the Stone of Honor for the third time!”
The warriors who arrived early were in a state of extreme excitement. I was worried they might get mad at me for calling them in during their busy schedule.
“You said something interesting was happening!”
“What on earth did you call us all here for?”
“Let’s do it now!”
They seem to be mentally exhausted from all the house building.
“Wait. I’ll tell you when everyone is here!”
After about an hour, the entire forest was filled with barbarians.
As is typical of barbarians, the entire forest was filled with noise whenever there was a large gathering of their kind.
Boom-! Boom-! Boom-! Boom-!
At some point, the warriors started pounding their chests like drums.
“Bjorn.”
“The Clan Leader is the most important in the Holy Grounds.”
“…Clan Leader, I think everyone’s gathered.”
“Really?”
Then it’s time to head out.
There was no need to say anything to these excited warriors.
“Everyone! Follow me!”
A shout without a destination or a goal.
But as soon as I began walking after that shout, the warriors automatically made way for me, creating a path. Once we left the open space, they all started following me.
“Woooh!”
“Bjorn, Yandell’s son!”
“Let’s go!”
A long procession made up entirely of pure barbarians.
As we reached the gate leading to the city, the guards, without asking any questions, flung the gate open.
Clank, clank.
The gate creaks open with the sound of a rough mechanical device.
And just like the day I awoke in this body, the familiar gray city unfolds beyond the gate.
Paved roads and stone buildings.
A spire reaching high into the sky stands in the distance.
“Let’s go!”
As we start moving, the pedestrians walking along the streets move out of the way like they’re dodging a carriage.
I felt a bit guilty for causing a disruption…
“Wow! Baron Yandell! Is that Baron Yandell, mom?”
“Y, yeah, it is…!”
“Woooh!”
Surprisingly, the pedestrians didn’t react negatively.
No, they seemed to be entertained by our procession, attracting even more people from the surrounding neighborhood.
Clank-!
Windows that were firmly shut open, revealing the faces of countless citizens watching our procession.
They all had one question in mind.
“But… where are they headed?”
“I wonder…”
“Shouldn’t we call security? This is a huge gathering of armed individuals…”
True enough, security personnel belonging to the city’s police force showed up soon after, responding to an emergency call.
“Hey, it’s Baron Yandell! Greetings.”
“What’s your business in stopping me?”
“T, that is… we received a report…”
“Are you planning to arrest me? We’re just walking.”
“N, not at all! It wouldn’t dare! No, not at all!”
“Then that’s settled. Move aside.”
As I started walking again, the police captain stood aside with a stunned expression.
And…
“Behell—laaa!!!”
As our boisterous march continued, reaching the city center, knights appeared.
“Greetings, Baron Yandell.”
Knights from Mozlan, notorious for their authority.
But it won’t work on me.
“Excuse me, but could you tell us where Baron Yandell is headed?”
“Why should I answer you?”
“We’ve heard that this gathering wasn’t reported to any institution… We’re asking for confirmation.”
Of course, I had no reason to answer honestly.
“We’re just taking a stroll. Don’t worry about it.”
“…Taking a stroll?”
The Mozlan knight looked puzzled.
If I were an ordinary person, they would have used any excuse to disband us and even arrest a few ringleaders as a warning, but…
“I said we’re taking a stroll, are you doubting me?”
I am a baron of this kingdom.
“How could we? We’re simply concerned. With over a thousand armed individuals gathered, we need to assess the situation. We hope you understand.”
“We’re not leaving Ravigion. Is that a sufficient answer?”
The commercial district of Commelby.
I made it clear that we wouldn’t go any further, even to the Imperial City, and the knights nodded in relief.
“Could… we follow along?”
“I have no reason to stop you from walking.”
“Thank you…”
Even the knights who came from Mozlan were unable to stop me and agreed to follow alongside.
And then, after an unknown amount of time…
“Barbarians!”
“The barbarians are here!”
The news of our procession spread through the city, causing a stir.
Citizens, witnessing this rare sight, waited for us along the possible routes, as if watching a parade.
“The Magic Tower! The barbarians are headed towards the Magic Tower!!”
Citizens began to understand the destination of our relentless march in one direction. This only fueled the barbarians’ excitement.
“The Magic Tower? We were going to the Magic Tower!”
“Bjorn, the great warrior, son of Yandell!”
“The Clan Leader leads us to a holy battle!”
“It’s time to peel the flesh from the bones of those sorcerers!”
“Behell—laaa!!!”
Word travels fast.
The barbarians’ cries reached the citizens.
“These… maniacs…!”
“Are they really going to fight the Magic Tower?”
“What? But why?”
“Hearts! It’s because of the barbarians’ hearts! The sorcerers are using their hearts as magical ingredients!”
“…I may not know what’s going to happen, but today’s going to be quite the spectacle.”
Regardless of the gossip around me, I continued walking silently.
And then, after an unknown amount of time…
Thump.
I stopped walking.
The towering black spire and the countless onlookers gathered in front of it.
And…
“…”
The hundreds of sorcerers who rushed out upon hearing that we were headed here.
“…”
“…”
Silence fell upon the square as we faced each other. You could hear the sound of someone swallowing, to exaggerate a little.
A single elderly sorcerer stepped forward to represent the others.
“I am Wivels Guillern, Chief Sorcerer of the Lengan School.”
In wuxia, he’d be the top disciple, a rank equivalent to a sect leader.
Since the Master of the Lengan School is also the Tower Master, this old man can be considered the second in command of the Magic Tower…
“Now, introduce yourself.”
He’s asking, even though he knows.
Sorcerers are so formal.
“Introduction…?”
I smirked and opened my mouth.
Giant.
Clan Leader of Anabada.
Clan Leader of the Barbarians.
Baron of Raphdonia.
I omitted all the unnecessary titles, those I no longer need to state first.
“Bjorn, son of Yandell.”
The old sorcerer nodded in response, taking a long sigh.
“I see. I’ve heard of the hero in rumors. It’s an honor to finally meet you. However, Baron Yandell, what brings you to the Magic Tower?”
“I’ve come to do something that should have been done a long time ago.”
“Something that should have been done a long time ago… My old age must be getting to me. I can’t understand what you’re trying to say.”
“Is that so? Then I’ll just say it directly.”
I shouted loud enough for the old man and all the citizens gathered here to hear.
“Bjorn, son of Yandell, speaks! The Magic Tower must stop using our hearts as magical ingredients!”
“Really… is that it…?”
The old man sighed, clutching his forehead and muttering under his breath.
He then tried to persuade me with a calm tone.
“This is legitimate research. Even though you’re a baron of the kingdom and Clan Leader of the Barbarians, you can’t simply stop intellectual research for the sake of humanity. If you can’t understand this, then raise your objections to the royal family officially—.”
“Keep it short.”
“…………Huh?”
“Speak concisely, old man.”
Was he offended by the word “old”?
“You seem to not understand longwinded explanations, Baron. So I’ll speak concisely, as you desire.”
The old man’s already wrinkled face crinkled even further as he glared at me.
With a stern voice, devoid of any kindness.
“We won’t stop.”
With eyes defiant for someone his age, he looked up at me.
“Then what are you going to do?”
The old sorcerer asked.
“…”
“…”
After a brief pause, I answered.
“War.”
That was all it took.
After all…
“…War!”
“War!”
“Take up your weapons!”
“Behell—laaaa!”
I’ve endured enough.
***
[Character's Support Stat increased by +10.]
[Character's Support Stat increased by +10.]
[Character's Support Stat increased by +10.]
[Character's Support Stat increased by +10.]
[Character's Support Stat increased by +10….]
[….]
[….]
]]] 