## Chapter 496: Quest (1)
Marco Tower, thirty-two years old. He had developed a passion for cooking and business, starting his first job in a kitchen as a teenager.  Two years ago, he finally opened his own small restaurant on the main street of Lavigion, proudly bearing his name. 
He was a husband to one woman and a father to two children. He had a wild youth, but after becoming the head of his household, he never once did anything that could bring trouble. He endured injustice, and if he felt like he might get caught in the crossfire, he would discreetly retreat and head home. But…
“Aaaaaaaaaaah!”
When he regained consciousness, he found himself sprinting up the stairs, shouting, surrounded by countless warriors.
“Today! We! Conquer the Magic Tower…!!”
Marco Tower's mind went blank at the sound of those words. The warriors of the Barbarian tribe, a people he had never imagined he'd be entangled with, and mages casting spells tirelessly to stop them.  It was then he realized where he was.
‘The Magic Tower…’
He had only ever seen it from afar, never setting foot inside.  How did he end up here?
He wondered as he was swept up the stairs by the throng of warriors behind him.
[Yandel! Bjorn Yandel is marching towards the Magic Tower with thousands of Barbarian warriors!]
At first, it was curiosity. He heard these words and happened to be nearby, with some time to spare.  So, he went to have a look.
[This is war.]
Bjorn, the son of the giant, Yandel. The hero he had only heard of in rumors was a truly remarkable man. He was bold, reckless, and an aura of power emanated from him, making it seem as if no one could stop what he set out to do.  And…
[They are the mages who commissioned the assassination of the Barbarian heart from the rebels of the Black Market!]
His powerful words resonated through the crowd, sending Marco Tower's heart racing.  For the first time in a long time, he was swept up in the collective fervor, raising his voice against the Magic Tower.  Yes, that was the extent of it.  Or so he thought…
“Th, the barrier…!”
“What do we do?”
“What do we do, you ask!?”
How did he end up here? What could he possibly do, just being here?
“Break it!!”
“Woooah!!”
He needed to make sure his family wasn't hurt by this…
Even as he harbored these worries, why was he still following the others up the stairs?
Kuuung-! Kuuung-! Kuuung-!
The wall, blocked by a barrier spell.
“Baron Yandel, stop! This is where you must stop!”
A mage arrogantly raised his voice from behind the translucent veil.
And…
Kuuung-!
The man, unfazed, swung his hammer. 
Watching the man from closer than he ever had before, Marco Tower realized…
“Chieftain! Magic can’t be broken like that—.”
“I told you before, didn’t I?”
“….What?”
“If you can’t break it, it’s because you’re not strong enough!”
There was only one reason he was here.
“I! And we are strong…!!”
The man was strong.  
Kwa-jik-!
Strong enough to break through any wall, no matter what stood in his way, and forge ahead.
“Th, the barrier is breaking…!”
So, he wanted to watch.
Even if it was just one moment in his long journey.
Even if he couldn’t be of much help.
Dugeun-!
He just wanted to watch.
Kwaa-aaa-aaa-a-ng!
Bjorn, the son of the giant, Yandel.
“Be-hel—laaaa-aaa-aaa-a-a-ah!!”
That was the kind of man he was.
***
The Magic Tower.
The stronghold of the mages, the kingdom’s most vital assets, an impregnable fortress that had never been conquered by invaders in its long history. 
…I don’t agree with that statement.
‘Impregnable? It’s just that they’ve never had to fight, that’s all.’
A group where every member is a mage, completely out of balance in terms of damage dealers and tanks.  Sure, the various magic arrays they have set up are a pain, but…
I swear it’s not impregnable.
‘Plus, they’re not as united as you might think.’
With the righteousness of my cause and public opinion on my side, I marched onward.
The Magic Tower, a collection of hundreds of schools of magic, a conglomeration of interests.  Even in the face of invasion, naturally, not all schools were willing to fight.
“Don’t stop us! We’ll only take the criminals we seek!”
Some of the unrelated schools even closed their lab doors and waited for the storm to pass.
Of course, most mages believed they couldn’t be trampled by the likes of the Barbarians and contributed their strength wholeheartedly. But…
‘Oh my, they’re going to be casting spells all night.’
The mages who stayed at the Magic Tower during this time were mostly research mages.  They spend their days shut away in labs, devising new spells and studying magic engineering. 
Naturally, they couldn’t put on the same kind of performance as combat mages.
In addition, there was a severe penalty.
“….Master! Let’s just burn the whole place down! Before, before he breaks through the barrier magic!”
“We can’t…  Can’t you see them, my child?”
The civilians caught in the war between the Barbarians and the Magic Tower.
“Master! They’re not citizens. They’re just a mob!”
“A formal decree came from the military. There must be no casualties among the citizens.”
“But… at this rate, we won’t be able to hold out! Haven’t they already broken through to here?!”
“…Hold. Until the troops sent by the military arrive, hold. We must hold. Then, we will be victorious.”
The presence of civilians meant that the mages could only cast defensive magic and couldn’t use their greatest advantage, large-scale offensive magic.
Therefore…
「The character has cast [Swing].」
「The destructive power of blunt weapons is greatly increased proportionally to strength.」
I smashed through the increasingly sturdy barriers, climbing step by step.
“….Filthy barbarians! You will regret this!”
I tied up the mages captured along the way and took them prisoner.
“Bjorn! You go ahead! We’ll search this level thoroughly!”
I stationed warriors on the levels we had cleared and began a search.
“Ainar, like I said, search the schools not on the list last.”
“What? But, they might be hiding there!”
“Still, do it last.”
Unless we searched the whole tower and couldn’t find a single criminal from the list, there was no need to make more enemies.
Well, to be honest, the mages here were probably going to be terrified of Barbarians for the rest of their lives after today…
But isn’t there a difference between an archenemy and just a regular enemy?
If I crossed the line any further, all the schools of the Magic Tower would unite, and that would be a major problem for my future plans.
“As I said, don’t kill anyone. Capture them alive! Got it!”
I stressed this point repeatedly, whenever I had the chance.
If I simply smashed my way through the levels, I would become a mere invader who had lost his reason.
‘So, this is the 30th floor…?’
After laboriously climbing another floor, a new barrier greeted me.
“Baron! The Baron has arrived…!”
The mages gathered behind the translucent barrier, their faces tense as they looked at me.
“Listen, Baron! Turn back now. Do you even know how many laws you’ve broken?”
As always, the mages insulted me and tried to persuade me, but my task remained unchanged.
Kwa-jik-!
I swung my hammer with unwavering resolve.
After using [Swing] ten times or so, cracks started to appear. But, the barrier was getting noticeably stronger with each level.
There was also bad news.
“Chief-taaa-aa-an! Wangga-gun! Wangga-gun has arrived!”
Word came that the military had arrived.
It was sooner than I expected.
‘It’s almost as if they dispatched troops as soon as I entered the city…?’
Tch, this city is unnecessarily fast in only this one area.
“It’s over now! Put down your weapons and calm your warriors!”
Word must have gotten out, as the mages’ voices from beyond the barrier were full of confidence.
And they had reason to be.
Our warriors would fight back as best they could, but ultimately, the Wangga-gun would arrive first.
‘Okay, that’s as far as we go.’
Just in time, the barrier separating the floor and the stairs shattered.
The mages, who had been channeling magic into the magic array, panicked and fled upwards, some of them being apprehended by the warriors.
“Chieftain! What do we do!”
“We need to get to the upper levels!”
The warriors were panicking over the military’s interference.
However, I stopped breaking through to the next floor, waited on this floor, and issued new orders.
“Bring all the criminals you’ve found here?”
“Ah, got it! I’ll relay the message!”
This was the best I could do for now.
From here on, it was all about luck.
If we found even one of the people we were looking for below the 31st floor, our plan would be much easier. If not, then it would be a bit of a headache.
“Whew…”
What would the outcome be?
“Bjo-oo-oo-orn!!”
Ainar appeared before long.
She was holding the necks of three mages in her hand, as if showing off her prey.
***
Extelin Placo of the Milron School.
Mohilo Ostquin of the Bevectalt School.
Kuol Mamendollik of the Alters School.
The mages Ainar captured were these three. They were not among the 22 mages I had mentioned in front of the Magic Tower.
Of course, that wasn’t a problem.
I never said those were the only ones, after all.
If I had told them beforehand, they would’ve moved the guys to a safe place first.
“Good job, Caron. Ainar.”
I offered empty praise, asking if they had encountered any difficulties along the way, but they answered that they hadn’t.
Did all three of them stay in their own schools, without going anywhere else?
‘I’m a little disappointed we didn’t find the guy who’s supposed to get my heart, but I’ll have to be content with this.’
We’ll end up meeting him eventually.
Every single thing I’m doing is a stepping stone towards that end.
“Oh, misunderstanding! There must be some misunderstanding, Baron!”
“We’ll find out if it’s a misunderstanding or not soon enough. Ainar, what’s the situation below?”
“The warriors are holding them off, but they can’t hold out forever. When I was down there, they had already broken through to the 4th floor.”
“We need to start soon.”
First, I activated the recording crystal I had prepared. Then, I looked around and handed it to the one person I made eye contact with.
He was the only civilian who had made it all the way to the 31st floor.
“What’s your name?”
“Ma, Marco Tower, sir! Baron!”
“Marco Tower. Remember that. Listen, I need you to stand over there with this. Hold it so you can see our faces and theirs.”
“It’s an honor, s, sir! B, but… this, this important task… how could you give it to a simpleton like me…?”
He was trembling, afraid of making a mistake, but I chuckled and patted his shoulder.
“I trust you.”
It’s less unsettling to hand an sensitive device to a stranger than to those Barbarians.
“Marco Tower.”
I’ve got his name and face firmly memorized.
“….Y, yes sir!”
Now that I’ve got a cameraman, let’s start the interrogation.
There were a ton of mages around, but I didn’t need to use verification magic.
I already had something else prepared.
「The character has used [Distorted Trust].」
It’s that item that, even with my improved finances, still hurts my wallet.
“Extelin Placo, Mohilo Ostquin, Kuol Mamendollik.”
I looked down at the three captured mages.
“Now, tell me again. Am I still misunderstanding you?”
The mages, who had been yelling about being falsely accused ever since they were captured, shut their mouths. They couldn’t lie in front of this item.
“…”
The silence of truth.
But, to use this as evidence, we needed a clear answer, not silence.
So…
“You are currently under arrest for treason.”
I tighten the noose so they could barely breathe.
Their reaction was immediate.
“…Tr, treason?! That’s absurd…!”
It was a sensitive issue that could lead to the execution of their entire family, so staying silent wasn’t an option.
“I, I have never plotted treason, nor have I dared to even think about it! Even now, you can see that I’m not, right? This is all a misunderstanding!”
They even turned to look at the one recording them while defending themselves.
Yeah, treason is scary, isn’t it?
“It doesn’t matter what your intention was. You ended up colluding with the rebels, right?”
“Colluding?! I, I just asked for—.”
To make a request.
He was definitely trying to say that, but he never finished the sentence.
Someone else intervened.
“Enough, Baron Yandel.”
A deep voice echoed throughout the floor.
At the same time, a magic array appeared on the floor, emitting a blue light.
Tubu-k, tubu-k.
I turned my head towards the sound, and saw an old man descending the stairs.
I hadn’t met him before, but I recognized him instantly.
The master of the Lengman School, the third brother of Duke Kealruness.
“Teshlun Lengman Kealruness.”
The master of the Magic Tower.
]]]