##  Quest (3)
A moderately brewed cup of tea and a formal assortment of pastries. An awkward silence hung between us, broken only by the elegant spread prepared by Auyen.  
Misha finally spoke.
“These are…,” she began, gesturing towards the pastries.
“Hmm?” I replied, curious as to where the conversation was headed.
“These are from the Rubat pastry shop. They’re not bad, but the Nielon shop has cheaper prices, and it’s probably more to your taste.”
Why was she suddenly talking about pastries? I found her comment baffling, but I chalked it up to small talk, an attempt to break the ice.
“Oh, is that so? Auyen orders all this stuff, so I’m not really sure. Speaking of Auyen, you know who Auyen is, right?”
“Yes, Auyen Rockrobe. The navigator.” 
“You do?”
“...”
The conversation abruptly halted. 
‘Ugh, why do I feel so tense?’ I mused.  It was better to get it over with. 
“Misha, you’re here because you’ve reached a decision, right?”
“...” 
“So, what’s your answer?”
Her response came after a long pause.
“I’m joining your new clan. You know, the one you created.”
“Really?”
“Mmm…,” she confirmed with a small nod.
The tension finally dissipated. I’d been mentally preparing for her rejection, but her fidgety movements had led me to believe she was about to say no.
“As long as you and your companions are alright with it…,” she continued, her voice a mere whisper.
I responded decisively.
“Of course we are. What reason would there be to object? Oh, right. You mentioned you don’t get along with Erwen, right? Don’t worry about that. You two will get along just fine again. She’s in much better shape now.”
“Ah… really?”
“Since we’re on the topic, why not call her now? We didn’t get to properly greet each other last time. We’re going to be adventuring together, so it would be a good time to catch up.”
Misha, momentarily taken aback, nodded, agreeing to the idea.
I left her there and went upstairs to fetch Amelia and Erwen. 
“...”
“...”
As expected, a thick silence settled over the living room, an uncomfortable stillness that felt stifling. 
Then, after a while, Amelia sighed and spoke. It was clear she’d stepped in to mediate, following my unspoken plea.
“Yandel, you go back upstairs.”
“What?”
“If you want this to be resolved, just do as I say. Your presence here will only be a distraction.”
I was summarily dismissed.
***
Amelia, Erwen, and Misha. Their conversation lasted about an hour. Amelia opened the door with a knock, signaling that I could come back down. I hurried down to the first floor.
The living room was a scene of utter chaos. 
“...”
“...”
It wasn’t exactly a peaceful atmosphere, nor was it hostile. It simply seemed like a typhoon had swept through the room, leaving behind a trail of destruction.
“Um, Emily? What happened here?” I asked, bewildered.
Amelia shrugged nonchalantly.
“After a lengthy conversation, they decided to try to get along.”
“Well, that’s good to hear. But that’s not what I’m asking. There’s just, so much stuff broken…”
“Oh, that? Don’t worry about it. It was just a slip of the hand during our conversation.”
How could a mere slip of the hand cause such a mess in the first-floor living room?
As I surveyed the scene, my eyes met Erwen’s. She quickly averted her gaze.
“Y, yeah… it was a slip of the hand.”
Of course. That’s how she’d spin it.
I turned to Misha, giving her a questioning look.  She simply remained silent, offering no explanation.
‘Well, at least nobody got hurt. I guess it’s alright…’ I thought.
I decided to drop the matter of the living room’s current state. I wasn’t stupid. 
‘There was some tension, but I think things ended well.’ I speculated. Misha and Erwen must have been at odds, and Amelia skillfully mediated the situation. 
“I’m going to go back upstairs,” Erwen announced, practically fleeing to her room. Misha also stood up.
“Then I, I’ll just… be on my way…”
“Huh? Where are you going? Stay here. We have plenty of spare rooms.”
“Well, I’ve been thinking… it’s better if I stay separately. We’ll just get in each other’s way, and it’ll be awkward. I heard Ainar does the same, right?”
Ah, that’s true. Ainar’s been having the time of her life in the sanctuary, embracing her new role as the First Elder.
“So… can I go then?”
I released her wrist, which I’d been gripping tightly.
Misha gently stroked the area where I had held her, as if it was slightly painful.
“Th, then…,” she muttered, hurrying towards the front door. I couldn’t bring myself to stop her, her departure seeming to draw a clear line. 
“What were you three even talking about?” I asked Amelia, my frustration growing.
But, as always, I couldn’t get a straight answer. 
“It’s a girl’s secret. You don’t need to know.”
No, that makes it even more confusing! What exactly did you three talk about?
***
The day after Misha left.
An unexpected visitor arrived in the morning.
“Raven?”
“Can I come in?”
“Ah, of course.”
Raven, busy with state affairs after Erwen’s mana experiment, came to visit for the first time in a long while.
“Your home has gotten smaller compared to before,” she observed.
“Ah, you’ve never been here before, have you?”
I gave her a quick tour of the house, and then we sat down, enjoying the pastries Auyen brought out, before launching into our conversation.
“You’re not here just for a chat, so what brings you here?”
“What brings me here? You really think I just dropped by?!” 
“It must be about the Magic Tower.”
“Ugh…”
Raven sighed deeply, but she didn’t really object. 
She knows the situation. Even though the process was a bit… forceful, I did what I had to do.  And the incident itself ended amicably.  So…
“What kind of magic did you use?” she asked, getting to the point. 
“The Tower Master’s willingness to compromise is baffling. Honestly, I thought it was all over. I figured war was the only option left.”
“You came to ask me that?”
“….Well, I also came to see you.”
I hesitated for a moment before revealing the entirety of my deal with the Tower Master. I needed her advice on this.
“Lurendel Gallinbaret. You mean the Tower Master made all those concessions just to protect that woman?”
“Do you know anything about her?”
“Not much. We were never on the same level, so we never had reason to talk. I hardly participated in the Tower’s activities after I joined the military.”
“Even if you are both mages, you must know more about her than I do. Any information will do. Tell me everything you know.”
“Well…,” she started after a pause.
“Lurendel Gallinbaret is the mage who has written the most about the Barbarian’s Heart.  The Triten school itself is very interested in that research.”
“Hmmm. So, that’s why she wanted my heart.”
“Maybe. If it’s her, it’s highly likely she requested the commission because she genuinely wants to research your heart.”
“And that research is probably important enough to interest the Tower Master.”
“That seems likely. Otherwise, there’s no reason for the Tower Master to concede so much and protect her.”
“Raven, would you mind looking into this?  I’d appreciate it.”
“Sure.  I’m curious about this myself.  If I find anything, I’ll share it with you.”
That ended the conversation on that topic.
I decided to take advantage of Raven’s visit to ask another question.
“Raven, I was just thinking. Has anyone ever gained knowledge… from within the dungeon?”
“Knowledge…?”
“Yeah, knowledge. Like suddenly being able to read and write an ancient language you couldn’t understand before, or something like that.”
My example caused Raven to push her chair back and stand up.
“An ancient language!  You can read an ancient language?!”
“Ah, no, ancient language was just an example. I meant something—.”
“No, you’re saying what I think you’re saying!” she exclaimed. 
It’s easy to see why they call her sharp.
I knew she wouldn’t believe any denials, so I came clean.
“Okay, fine. I can read ancient languages.”
“To what extent?”
“I’m not sure. I haven’t really tested it yet.”
Seeing me waffle, Raven retrieved a book written in ancient language from her dimensional space and told me to read it.
However…
“Mahniarsus pleaded desperately for the return of his wife, but Kapracadah refused decisively. His reason was that he could love her more than she… no, what kind of book is this?”
“Just keep reading, it doesn’t matter.”
“...was his reason.  Mahniarsus drew his sword and plunged it into his heart. Kapracadah reached out, but it was all he could do…”
Raven’s expression grew increasingly grim as she listened to me read aloud, even emphasizing the words.
“Th, this is a book even I can’t read properly without a dictionary.”
Hmmm, I see…
Raven is known for being one of the most dedicated students of ancient languages among mages. 
“Mutten Abiyur Bukrath.”
“…What did you just say?”
“That’s my way of saying I can speak ancient languages too.”
I shrugged, and a beat later, her response came.
“…………Yandel, are you going to get hit?”
Raven raised her tiny hand as if it were a serious threat.
“Kiath-ho Ki-ki-h Kwe-ek-h.”
“……..?”
“Ah, this means I don’t want to get hit this time—.”
“Who do you think you’re fooling?!”
…I ended up getting hit anyway.
The person who was actually bruised was the one who hit me, though.
“Ah, really…. Why are you like this, Yandel?”
“Sorry. Anyway, back to our original topic, have you ever heard of this happening before?”
“…As far as I know, no. But… how did it happen to you?  Was it, maybe, a reward? Like, something related to that achievement, the one recorded on the Stone of Honor?”
“Something like that.”
“……..Would you tell me about it?”
Raven asked cautiously, and I readily told her about what had happened there. She’s the one who helped me even though she knew I was an evil spirit.  And I needed a mage’s perspective.
“The things you experienced there aren’t just made-up stories. They’re real! They must have happened in the past! The clear cause-and-effect relationship between the floor master and the witch!”
Raven was excited, unable to contain her enthusiasm.
“This is a huge discovery!  This proves the dungeon isn’t another dimension! Maybe the dungeon’s dimensional coordinates aren’t based on space, but on time!”
Of course, I was completely indifferent.  Space, time, whatever. It all sounds like gibberish to me.
“Really?”
“Versil Goulond! What does she say?  She’s a mage too! She must be researching this too, since she made such a huge discovery!”
“No, she wasn’t that interested.”
“No way?!”
Versil is a former player.  She’s not really interested in history, it seems.  Or maybe she just couldn’t understand it?
“That can’t be… how can a mage not be interested? If I were in her place…”
Raven’s voice rose, then abruptly stopped. 
“If you were in her place?”
“…Nevermind.  It’s a pointless discussion anyway.”
The mood suddenly darkened.
I decided we needed to switch topics. I shared some news that Raven would surely find delightful.
“Ah, right!  I have one more thing to tell you.”
“More news?”
“Misha’s back.”
I briefly explained the details of my reunion with Misha and how she decided to rejoin the clan.
But what’s going on?
“……..That’s good.  It’s great that she’s back.”
“I’ll give you her address.  Go visit her sometime.  Misha’ll be glad to see you—.”
“Later.”
“…Huh?”
“I’m going now. I have something I need to do at the barracks.”
Raven fled the house with a gloomy look. 
***
Even after Raven left, I had a busy schedule. 
I went to the sanctuary to check on Rothmiller’s progress, then visited the dwarf’s forge to see how things were going.  I also held several meetings with the clan members to discuss our next exploration plans.
Most of my time was spent on these routine quests, but it wasn’t always just these daily tasks that filled my days.
Like today.
“Welcome to the Ducal House of Gudrix.”
A total of 31…
No, now it’s 32 houses that make up the interracial noble alliance, ‘Melbes’. I visited their estate after receiving an invitation from the Ducal House of Gudrix.
“Hahaha! Glad to see you, Baron!  This is Gudrix, the Duke. I’m grateful you took time out of your busy schedule to accept my invitation!”
Gudrix the Duke, a man of dwarven blood, had a more boisterous tone than other nobles.
But, even so, he’s still a noble, so his introduction was lengthy. I had to subtly prompt him before he finally got to the point.
“Alright, so what is it you wanted to see me for?”
“Melbes has a commission for Baron Yandel.”
It was the first Melbes-exclusive quest.
]]]