## The Age of Exploration (2)
Plan B.
The moment I heard those words, a wave of ominous thoughts flooded my mind. But, regardless of those feelings, I replied, “So, you’ve answered all my questions now, right?”
“Well, most of them,” he said.
My animosity towards Baekho had dwindled. It was better to have someone who spoke their mind than a sneaky bastard hiding his true intentions behind a smile.
“You won’t tell me about Plan B, though?” I asked.
“That’s a secret, I need to keep some cards up my sleeve, right?”
Ah, right, right…
It was a little disappointing, but I could understand keeping that particular secret. I hadn't revealed everything to him either. We had both shown our cards to the extent we needed, and that was enough for now.
“So, am I your enemy or your ally now?” Baekho asked.
I responded without hesitation, “I think ‘collaborator’ would be the right term.”
“Collaborator?” He seemed confused about the meaning I implied. It was probably a good idea to clarify.
“I’ll collaborate so you can return home.”
“And in return, I'll help you whenever you need me?”
“Something like that.”
“Not bad. But what if we disagree and clash?”
Baekho's cautious tone, uncommon for him, drew a chuckle from me as I shrugged.
“Then we’ll part ways at that moment. Big deal? I’d prefer if that didn’t happen, but as you said, you never know what fate has in store.”
“You’re incredibly chill.”
“Yeah. So do whatever you want, whether it’s Plan B or whatever. I’ll be doing the same.”
Preparing for the worst was a natural instinct. And I thought, anyone who didn't do that would be a terrible collaborator.
“Collaborator… I like that. Let’s do it.”
Baekho extended his hand, seemingly pleased.
Ugh, what was this nauseating gesture?
Although I felt repulsed, I shook his hand.
“Hyung, I just got goosebumps.”
“Don't mention it. I felt the same.”
After our brief handshake, we sat on the sofas, exchanging wry smiles.
“We should have done this sooner.”
“You’re telling me.”
It felt surprisingly good.
***
We continued our conversation, and the main topic remained the hidden area.
“Hyung, tell me, how did you do it?”
“I don't know. It seems like special conditions were met, but I don’t know why it happened.”
“Really? That’s a bummer. But well… even if we knew, it wouldn’t matter much. You only get to make one entry in the Monument of Glory.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yeah, didn’t you know? You’re really clueless about everything except for the game itself…”
Well, what can I say?
I once lived in the library, but the knowledge I acquired was ultimately open to everyone.
“…It’s already this late. Hyung, I’ll go now.”
After a long conversation about various things, it was soon time for Baekho to log out.
“Hey, since we’re on the subject, how about we meet up in the city sometimes?”
“I’d like that, but I don’t think that’ll be possible for a while. I’m going out for a bit.”
“Out? Do you mean outside the walls?”
“Yes. I finally figured out how to get out. I’ve been scouring the city’s underground for ages to find this.”
Wait, this is some good info.
I asked him to tell me, and Baekho nodded, looking a little reluctant.
“It’s hard to explain it verbally. I’ll leave a letter at your place before I leave. It’ll have instructions on how to get out.”
“Thanks.”
I guess that’s why you need a whale in your circle?
I had been wondering about the escape route from the kingdom, and unexpectedly got my hands on it.
Therefore, to return to the main point.
“Why are you leaving anyway?”
“Auryl Gaviss. I have a feeling he’s there.”
“…?”
“So, I’m going to look for him. If he’s there, he’ll have answers to most of my questions.”
Come to think of it, I should’ve asked Baekho about this old man too. He’ll probably be more honest now that we’re on good terms.
‘Well… I guess I can ask him later?’
“See you next month, Hyung!”
“Yeah, let me know if you find him.”
“Yep.”
Baekho left, and I sat on the sofa, staring into the fireplace, mesmerized by the flames. Then, Hyunbyeol came back.
“You’re later than usual today?”
“Do you think I’d just hang out around here?”
Uh… didn’t you?
I had thought she always came back right away.
“Anyway… you seem happy?”
“Huh?”
“Your face looks like a weight has been lifted, Oppa.”
“Oh… is that right?”
She really is something, even her intuition is impressive.
I remained silent, avoiding a clear response. Hyunbyeol chuckled and laid down on the sofa.
I didn’t know where to look.
“Hyunbyeol…? You’re wearing a skirt right now…?”
“So? I have stockings on.”
“Uh… okay.”
Is that right?
Does that mean it’s okay?
I was frozen, feeling strangely compelled to accept her reasoning. Hyunbyeol chuckled.
“You’re so fussy. It’s a little late now.”
Hyunbyeol then pulled a book out of thin air and started reading.
“…What’s that book? Where’d you get it?”
“Don’t you know, Oppa? It’s all the rage these days.”
“…?”
“Really? You don’t know? You know how GP allows you to buy outfits and things for the community, right?”
“Yeah, I know that.”
Ghostbusters, surprisingly, had a surprising number of gacha elements. You could customize your chatroom, buy vanity items, and whatnot. Of course, I never used any of those features.
“This book is like that.”
“So it’s blank?”
“No. It has writing. The author used to post on the Free Board, but it got so popular that the admins decided to publish it as a book.”
“Wow… that’s amazing. Is it good?”
“Want to read it, Oppa? There’s a copy left.”
“Sure, let me see.”
I accepted the book and began to read. It was a fantasy novel set in the modern world, and it was quite captivating from the beginning.
However, I couldn’t focus.
‘…This is driving me crazy.’
Hyunbyeol just sat there reading, but why did she keep fidgeting with her feet?
“I’m stretching. My legs were numb.”
“…Did I say that?”
“No. You looked like you were thinking that.”
…I can’t think straight in front of her.
I turned my back on Hyunbyeol and continued reading, only the sound of pages turning filling the silence.
“Oppa.”
“…Yeah?”
“It’s almost time, can you skip this meeting?”
“Ah…”
What is it about this novel that makes it so engrossing?
I snapped out of it, realizing it was time for the Round Table.
I quickly apologized to Hyunbyeol and left, bidding her farewell before rushing to the Round Table.
My usual navy suit.
And the lion mask covering it.
I was running a little late, so I hurried through the hallway. The Round Table already had eight members waiting.
“Welcome, Mr. Lion.  Heh.”
Starting with the clown, who greeted me warmly, there was the fox, the crescent moon, the stag horn, the clown, the queen, the butterfly, and the wolf…
‘Eight members?’
I wondered where the black mask was, one of the three newbies who had appeared at the last gathering.
Swish.
The black mask emerged through the door opposite the Round Table. They glanced around the room before finding an empty seat and taking it.
“Nice to meet you, Black…”
The goblin, who happened to be seated beside them, greeted them, but the black mask remained silent, arms crossed.
They seem pretty intimidating too.
Swish.
Anyway, I took my usual seat and settled in. Just then, the Round Table’s door slammed shut, seemingly marking the start of the meeting.
“There are ten of us now… It feels strange having so many people here.”
The queen muttered, opening the conversation. The crescent moon responded in a gentle voice.
“Queen, I understand why you feel that way.”
“You don’t feel the same way, Crescent Moon?”
The wolf mask, one of the three newbies with the title of ‘Returning Player,’ responded to the queen’s question.
“Hah! When the Master was here, we had over twenty members! Ah, those were the days—.”
“You were too busy kissing the Master’s ass back then, heh.”
“…”
“Clown, are you talking about yourself right now?”
“Heh heh, it seems fairies are quite charming. You’re so taken with that NPC, you’re not even paying attention. So when are you coming to me? Won’t you exact your revenge?”
“Wow! You two are enemies? That’s exciting! Let me know when you fight!”
“Heh heh! Of course, Butterfly.”
Ugh, too many people, it’s utter chaos.
Swish.
I caught the fox’s eye, and they started to calm the situation down.
“It seems like everyone is here, so let’s get started, shall we?”
“Hah, let’s get going, we didn’t gather here to just gossip, did we?”
The situation calmed down, and as per the unwritten rules of the Round Table, everyone’s eyes turned to the person seated beside me.
It’s always the first turn, you see.
“This is the first time the Queen’s going first, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, I didn’t expect everyone to sit so close.”
The queen, who was three seats away from me, sighed as she began her turn.
“It’s the most popular topic these days, isn’t it? I’ll tell you about it. The Monument of Glory was created by the Grand Sage Diflun Graundel Gavrillius.”
The information was true, and the majority didn’t know it, so the green light flashed. But soon, there were objections flying in.
“Does it really matter who made it? Heh.”
“Hee hee, yeah, like they’re a magician.”
“Every time something mysterious or unusual happens, it always has something to do with that guy.”
The queen seemed to have expected objections, so she didn’t react strongly. She calmly added more information.
“What about this? There are reliable records that say that the Monument of Glory itself has a hidden piece, a hidden piece that is a part of Gavrillius’ plan.”
A hidden piece…
“That’s not bad.”
The members seemed to be convinced, and the turn passed to the next person.
“The species summit will be held next month. And the Tower Master has been confirmed as the representative of the humans.”
If it had only been the time of the summit, it wouldn’t have been enough. But the crescent moon successfully ended their turn by revealing the human representative.
‘The Tower Master is the representative of the humans…’
But I didn’t even know that the summit was happening. How does this guy know this already?
‘Probably because of the power of the tribe.’
Besides the barbarians, every other species is connected to the royal family. It’s not for nothing that the other clans of Melbes are under the protection of their homeland. They coexist by supporting each other.
“Misha Kalstain has joined Clan Anabada.”
This was the information revealed by the fox, who had the third turn.
I was slightly taken aback to hear her name mentioned so suddenly, but I wasn’t offended.
‘It’s information that will soon be known to everyone. They probably figured it’d be okay to use it like this.’
It wasn’t a wrong judgment, really.
Objectively, the value of the information was low, but no one objected.
It’s not like I’m saying this, but Bjorn Yandell was a hot topic.
“I wonder what she…?”
“She… wasn’t she working with that man? Something must have happened.”
“Heh… the fox is pretty sharp. That’s new info, even I didn’t know that.”
After the fox’s turn, it was the goblin’s, followed by the black mask, and then the stag horn.
However, none of the information was particularly shocking.
I was listening to the meeting like I was watching the news when…
“Hee hee, what I’m going to say is similar to what the fox mentioned before.”
The butterfly casually started speaking, but my body reacted first.
“Misha Kalstain. That woman.”
What?
What’s going on?
I perked up, my ears twitching involuntarily. The butterfly chuckled as they spoke.
“She’s a traitor.”
I heard it, but I couldn’t understand it.
Traitor? Does it mean she’s a traitor from Baekho’s perspective?
I was lost in those thoughts when…
The butterfly mask seemed to read my mind. They added an explanation.
“Ah, of course, from Bjorn Yandell’s perspective.”
What in the hell is this insane talk?
While those thoughts swirled in my mind, my gaze was drawn to the gemstone on the Round Table.
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.
The gem silently radiated a green glow.
 