## The Age of Exploration (5)
Do you know what's most important when lying?  It's not a logically sound explanation, nor years of cultivated trust. It's the expression on your face. 
“Th-this is… something, a misunderstanding…!”  
No matter what you say with that kind of expression, it’s unconvincing. 
“I was just testing, but it seems it really was human blood.”
Occasionally, you’ll find professional liars who can even control the subtle movements of their facial muscles, but thankfully, this opponent wasn't one of them. 
“Th-this is a misunderstanding—!” 
“Tell me about it. I’m listening.”
Without needing to say more, I called her name, and Versil instantly activated her verification spell.  However…
“…This man, he seems stronger than he looks.”
Sadly, the magic failed.  When stamina and mental fortitude reach a certain level, this spell doesn't work well. 
Come to think of it, it’s not so hard to understand.  They may be a small clan, unheard of with only twenty members, but their leader should be somewhat competent.
“What should we do?”
Do?  There’s no need to be picky about one when we have witnesses everywhere. 
“Try it on that one.”
I pointed to the archer with a meek appearance. Versil cast the spell once more.
“It worked.” 
I knew it. Just looking at him, I knew it would work on him.
“You, over there.”
“…Yes, Baron…”
“Tell me. What happened here?”
The archer's face turned white. He looked back and forth between me and the leader, nervously. 
“Um… I, well… it’s just…”
It was time to bring out the whip. 
“Your inability to speak properly confirms that your claim of misunderstanding was indeed a lie.”
As I spoke in a cold, harsh tone, the leader bit his lip and nodded.
“Jason, you can speak freely now.”
“Yes… I understand.”
The archer, who had been too preoccupied with avoiding my gaze, opened his mouth at his leader’s permission.
As I listened, I realized that his claim of a misunderstanding wasn’t entirely a fabrication. To summarize: it was they who discovered this place.  However, not long after, a team of six explorers appeared, and that’s when things took a turn for the worse. 
“Did they covet your findings?”
“That wasn't the case, but…”
“Don't beat around the bush. Just tell me.”
“It’s just…”
It would have been better if they hadn’t seen anything at all, but the explorers noticed that the clan had discovered something.  Or at least, that's what they thought.  Worried about information leaking out, they apprehended the explorers.
“There was an accident… back then.”
“An accident?”
“They violently resisted, killing one of our men… first.”
The fight began, and the explorers ultimately met their end within the dark cavern. 
“What about their bodies?”
“…We stripped them of their equipment and used dissolving fluid to dispose of them all.”
I see. That’s why I thought I smelled something peculiar.
“Everything I've said is true. Please believe me. They were the ones who attacked us first—.”
What is he saying?
“Would you have just let them go if they had surrendered without a fight?”
“W-well…”
The archer seemed to know that he was lying. He couldn’t continue, his voice trailing off.
Then, the leader, who had been silent until now, stepped forward.
“So, what’s wrong with that?”
“What?”
“Do you think those six are any different? If we were the ones outnumbered, they would have taken our findings and killed us.”
I thought I understood what he was saying, but…
“That’s just the difference. No one can blame us. Even if it was Baron Yandel, you!”
He dared to present such a ridiculous argument in front of me. 
“So, there’s no problem if I kill you all right here? No one could blame us, right?”
I countered his argument with the same logic, and the man widened his eyes in disbelief.
“If you were to do such a thing, it would affect your reputation—!”
“What, are you going to spread rumors as a ghost?”
“!”
He finally seemed to realize. 
That Bjorn Yandel, son of the Giant, wasn't the noble soul that rumors made him out to be.
“Anyway, that’s all I need to hear.”
I ended the conversation there and called for a meeting. 
There was only one item on the agenda.
“What do you think we should do with them? Speak freely, without hesitation.”
“I say we kill them.”
Erwen spoke without any hesitation, and the others followed.
“Misha, what about you?”
“W-well… killing them might… be… good, I think…?”
“I agree with Mr. Kalstain.”
Misha and Versil were for killing them, while Auyen and Ainar were for letting them live. And…
“I’m also in favor of letting them live.”
To my surprise, Amelia voted to let them live.
Therefore, I had no choice but to ask my opinion as well. 
“What’s your reason?”
“If you want to punish them for their crimes, the proper course of action would be to hand them over to the Guild.”
What…?
I never thought I’d hear such a model student-like answer from her.
Amelia avoided my gaze as I stared at her in a daze. 
“And…”
“…?”
“It would be best for you.”
“…What?”
“It’s just my opinion. Don’t take it too seriously.”
“No, it’s not that. It would be best for me? What does that mean?”
I asked earnestly, and Amelia pondered for a moment before replying.
“Yandel, don’t get offended and listen. You’re in a very unstable state right now.”
“…Unstable state?”
“Have these people ever harmed you? Or tried to kill you? No. Even if you let them go, they wouldn’t pose any threat to you. Yet, you’re looking for reasons to kill them.”
Reasons to kill?  Does she think I’m some kind of psycho barbarian?
“Emily, I think you’re mistaken. It’s not like that—.”
“Are you truly not like that?”
I was truly not. 
I needed to answer that, but for some reason, I couldn’t speak when I met Amelia’s eyes.  
Her gaze wasn’t accusatory.  It was filled with deep concern.
“…It’s a tie. Three for killing them, three for letting them live.”
Amelia spoke, finally. 
“Yandel, the decision is yours.”
What should I do?
***
Kill them or let them live. 
I never imagined I’d be agonizing over this problem so seriously.  And it’s probably because…
That’s why Amelia threw me this curveball.
Because she truly cared for “Lee Han-soo,” the warrior’s body I inhabited for years and fought with.
“Archer.”
“…Yes?”
I asked him just one more thing.
“Has any of you, including you, ever been involved in looting?”
“No. We… aren’t that kind of clan. This time, we were just… blinded by greed and lost our way.”
“It’s true.”
Yes, that’s right.
“Versil, you take their testimonies again, meticulously, and record them on the crystal. Emily, search their belongings for the victims’ identity cards. Oh, and don’t forget to collect anything that could be presented as evidence to the Guild.”
“So… that means…?”
“I’ll leave it to the Guild to decide whether or not to consider them looters.”
A pointless, cumbersome task.  Those thoughts lingered in my mind, but once I made my decision, everything went smoothly.
“Don't cause any more trouble until the dungeon closes. The Guild will conduct a thorough investigation regarding this expedition.”
“…Of, of course!”
Okay, that’s the end of this.
“So, what was in there anyway?”
“A, a tombstone.”
“A tombstone?”
I guess I’ll have to see it for myself.
While Amelia and Versil gathered testimonies and evidence, I approached the wall and examined the crack.  There was no way I could squeeze through that opening.
‘They’re discriminating against barbarians.’
After a moment’s contemplation, I swung my hammer at the wall.
KWAANG!  WHOOSH!
Stone fragments flew off in a shower.  I hammered at the edges a few more times, and the wall completely collapsed, revealing a passage. And…
“Wow! It looks exactly like the portal tombstone!”
“Amazing.”
“I wonder if touching it will open a portal?”
About ten meters ahead, a single tombstone stood in the passage.  I reached out my hand immediately, but nothing happened. No portal opened.
‘I guess I was too eager to find it. There’s some kind of special condition, I see.’
Still, it seems I managed to find it correctly.  There were no secret spaces like this in the original first floor of the Crystal Cave.
‘And the broken wall isn’t regenerating.’
That’s why the core principle of hidden piece hunting is destruction.  If everything regenerates except for one spot, there’s a high chance that spot is the answer.
“You, have you found anything?”
“Not yet… nothing.”
“I see.”
We searched the area around the tombstone, and Amelia and Versil eventually joined us.  It seemed they had finished gathering testimonies and evidence.
So, I let them go. 
“Y, you mean we can go?”
“Yes. Do as I said before and don’t cause any trouble.”
The man looked confused, but he gathered his clan members and left.  Only then did Versil speak cautiously.
“Are you sure you should let them go like that? What if information leaks out?”
That’s true. 
Honestly, I thought it would be cleaner to just kill them all. 
But…
“It doesn’t matter.”
“It doesn’t matter?”
“Only someone like them would discover this place within three days. They think they’ve made a groundbreaking discovery, but…  Those who are meant to find it will find it soon enough.”
“That’s… true.”
“So, stop worrying about that. Come have a look, will you? I want to use magic detection to see if anything is hidden.”
“Yes.”
We conducted a thorough search using various methods, including magic, but unfortunately, we found nothing.  But…
“Mr. Yandel, I think we should stop. There’s nothing to find here—.”
“Bjorn! There’s writing here!”
We found a clue in an unexpected place. Ainar dug up the ground around the tombstone, revealing some text hidden underneath…
“Good find.”
“Fufufu, the instincts of a highly trained warrior are no different from magic. It’s one of the reasons why barbarians are the superior race.”
“….”
I ignored Ainar’s nonsense and squatted down to read the text.
“It’s ancient….”
“It’s fine. I can read it.”
“Y, you can read ancient language…?”
Oh, did I forget to tell them?
The world always demands show and prove.
Instead of a complex explanation, I read the ancient text aloud.
“One star, one sun, one moon.”
“Upon this land gazed down upon, all shall be of equal being.”
“I shall gaze upon thee.”
As I finished reading the translation, Versil and Erwen’s expressions turned strange.
“Mr. Yandel, this…”
“That’s it! The thing we heard there, it’s the same!”
“It is.”
It’s the same text we found on the witch statue.  Sadly, Ainar didn’t seem to remember.
“…What? Heard there? What are you talking about?”
“There’s something like that.”
We dug deeper beneath the tombstone, but found nothing else. We restored the site to its original state before heading back outside.
“It’s frustrating. We couldn’t get a single clue.”
Amelia looked like she was in trouble, but I couldn’t relate.
Why would there be no clue?
‘One star, one sun, one moon.’
It’s practically spelled out for us.
“We’re heading to the second floor now.”
If we hurry, we might be able to enter this round. 
]]]