## Chapter 506: Basement Level 1 (2)
The Abyssal Monarch, Berzack.
A hidden field boss that appears when the ninth Monarch of Fear is defeated. 
“I had a feeling this would happen... but I never thought he’d actually be summoned.”
I quickly checked the vital information from the adventurers gathered before the portal. 
Berzack had been summoned about an hour ago. 
Thankfully, the first-floor adventurers had suffered minimal casualties, according to the reports. Most had sensed something was amiss around day four and had already moved to the second floor. 
“Still, there must have been many who couldn’t reach the second floor, or decided to stay behind, right?”
“Yes, that’s true. So, ten clans, including ours, have been cooperating to bring those adventurers to the second floor. We’ve been scouring every corner of the level.”
Those who summon a Monarch, regardless of the consequences, exist. But there are also those who save others, even if they gain nothing in return. 
The majority of the adventurers gathered here had been rescuing others near the portal until Berzack was summoned, and then moved to the second floor. 
“You shouldn’t worry too much, sir. We barely found one adventurer all day on day six. We’ve been scouring the first floor non-stop.”
Right, right…
“You’ve done a remarkable job. It couldn’t have been easy.”
“Easy or not, someone had to do it. Besides, this is nothing compared to the tasks you’ve accomplished, sir.” 
The adventurer looked up at me with admiration in their eyes, making me feel pangs of guilt. 
I’m not that kind of person. 
Even though I knew Berzack might be summoned, I ascended to the third floor to pursue my own goals. 
But, what’s this now?
“So, you came from over there, which means you also rescued other adventurers, didn’t you, sir?”
Suddenly, a man asked me a question. 
Before I could even respond, the other adventurers began to nod in agreement, their expressions a mix of surprise and understanding. 
“Ah, that explains it! Of course!”
“As expected… You didn’t just bring them to the second floor, you also guided them to adapt!”
“Lord Yandell, unlike us, doesn’t need guild merit points… To do something like that… .”
“Don’t be ashamed, sir. I, too, secretly hoped that this rescue effort would be recognized as a guild achievement… .”
Ah…
“… .”
I simply smiled awkwardly, unable to form an answer. 
“Your character’s fame score has increased by +1.”
“Your character’s fame score has increased by +1.”
“Your character’s fame score has increased by +1… .”
“… .”
I didn’t care about increasing my fame score. However, this misunderstanding would at least provide me with a credible alibi. 
“If this method leads me to the hidden area, more people might investigate my movements.”
Sure, this added another layer to my guilt, but it was nothing I couldn’t ignore. 
I’ve dealt with worse, like pouring a potion on a gaping wound, right?
“We have something to discuss among ourselves.”
“Yes, sir! Please, don’t hesitate to ask me if you have any questions!”
After clearing up their confusion, I separated from the group and joined my teammates for a discussion. 
I wanted to hear their opinions, especially from Amelia, our clan’s spiritual leader. 
“Amelia, what do you think we should do?”
“… . It’s dangerous, but I honestly feel a bit disappointed if we just give up like this.”
“So, you think we should just barge in and go through with it?”
It takes just over an hour to reach the location where the inscription was found from the portal in the Goblin Forest, even at full speed. 
It’s not impossible to get there even after Berzack’s summoning.
But Amelia was adamant in her answer. 
“That depends on how sure you are about your method. If your plan works, it’s worth trying to push through.”
It was a valid concern. 
If we push through and the portal doesn’t open, we have to go back and forth again. 
The longer distance and time increase the chances of encountering Berzack. 
“So, if you’re confident, you’d vote for going down?”
“Yes, you can put it that way.”
Okay, so Amelia’s a conditional yes. 
Next, I listened to the opinions of other teammates. 
“I think it’s worth going down, even if your plan doesn’t work. We’re not who we were back then.”
“I agree with the elf! We worked so hard to get to the third floor and rescue everyone. To give up now… It’s just too much of a waste!”
“I feel the same way. Whether it works or not, we should test it out this time. Even if it fails, we can avoid wasting time next time.”
Erwen, Ainar, and Bersil were fully in favor.
“I… I will follow the commander’s lead.”
“Alright, then, tell me what you think. No one will judge you. You’re part of our clan, right?” 
Did that word ‘clan’ work?
Auiyen, who had been hesitant, finally spoke cautiously. 
“I… I oppose it. Berzack… even then, wasn’t he the monster who killed thousands…? If anything happens to the commander and mistress, it would be a tremendous loss for humanity—.”
What is this kid talking about?
“Well, you’re against it, then.”
“Yes… that’s right. It’s my own opinion, please don’t take it too seriously.”
Three in favor, one against, and one conditional yes. 
We have a majority, so the remaining vote isn’t even necessary. Still, I asked the last member for their opinion. 
“Me? Ah… Me, I… uh, that’s… .”
Misha, who had been aloof throughout this expedition, finally spoke, stuttering for a long time. 
Surprisingly, she used her old way of speaking.
“Um… either way is fine… . Um, it’s dangerous, if you think about it, but… Um, if the portal opens, it’ll be… good for you too… . Even if it doesn’t, it’s meaningful to try it out, right? Um, either way, it’ll be h, helpful to you? Uh… . I think so… .”
What is this kid trying to say?
I just asked her to tell me her opinion. 
“So, you’re abstaining?”
“… Um, no… .”
“Then what? Speak clearly. I just want to hear your thoughts.”
Speaking firmly, conveying the message that she didn’t need to be cautious, Misha finally gave her opinion, avoiding my eyes.
“I, I think we should go down… Um, if your method is, is reliable.”
In other words, she was going to vote for the conditional yes. But why did she glance at Amelia? I don’t know. 
“… . Is she actually giving her opinion?”
Though I wondered about that, I decided not to pry in this setting. 
She needs time to adapt, right?
“Alright, then. Three votes in favor, so the decision’s made.”
“Huh? What about Yandell’s opinion?”
“The will of the clan is my will.”
Conversely, my will could become the will of the clan, too.
The clan leader has seven votes in total. 
Oh, by the way, we had six votes when there were only six members, but now we have seven. 
Anyway, that’s not important… .
“Now, let’s go.”
The unknown field, brimming with milk and honey, awaits us. 
… . Probably.
***
“You have entered the Crystal Cave on the first floor.”
***
I returned through the portal and entered the Crystal Cave. 
This area is usually shrouded in darkness because the crystals don’t emit light. Therefore, I didn’t notice any changes at first. 
However, the moment I lit the torch attached to my helmet… .
“Whoosh!”
The surrounding area was shrouded in a murky black mist, indicating the first floor was different from usual. 
“Field effect – Abyssal Mist is applied.”
“All skill effects are deactivated.”
“Magic efficiency is reduced to 1/4.”
“Monsters exposed to the Abyssal Mist evolve into a far superior existence.”
Ugh, I haven’t seen this mist in a while. 
I thought I was going to die in that mist, but now I’m returning here on my own accord.
“What are you all doing? Follow me. I’ll lead the way, so you won’t step on any traps.”
Adjusting to the darkness for a moment, I sprinted ahead, taking on the role of both guide and tank. 
This was the only possible strategy, just like that day. 
Here, those who lead the way die. 
It’s impossible to detect the Abyssal Goblin’s traps with either sight or magic.
Like this. 
“Clack.”
The moment I heard a sound of something being stepped on, despite the seemingly empty floor… .
“Your character has stepped on a [Random Trap].”
The trap activates and a random skill of rank 5 or lower is cast. 
And this one is… .
“Whoooosh!”
Well, judging by the damage and shape, it must be the rank 6 skill [Tailflame]. 
“Yandell, are you alright?”
Honestly, it stings quite a bit. 
My overall stats are much higher than they were back then, but there is one stat that has actually decreased. 
“Ugh, I need to fix my anti-magic stats.” 
‘Anti-magic’ stats have significantly decreased after deleting the Manticore’s Essence. 
Using [Gigantism] helped compensate for the loss. However, it’s useless here as active skills are sealed. 
“Don’t worry. It’s only an hour’s journey.”
I just have to endure. 
“Beh-el—laaa—aaa—aaa—aaa—aa!”
I sprint through the passage, where transparent traps are everywhere, under the protection of our ancestor’s blessing. 
There is one good thing, though.
“Clack.”
Physical damage skills feel like a tickle now. 
However, magical skills hit harder than before, making it a double-edged sword. 
“Tada-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da!”
I run, I run. I keep stepping on traps. 
I chug down a potion every now and then, even though I’m not thirsty. 
However, my health doesn’t recover as quickly as it did before. 
“Your character’s health is below 50%.” 
It’s been about 40 minutes since I started running, and my passive skill has finally activated. 
“Your passive skill [Hero’s Path] has increased all resistance and immunity values.”
At least this has made it more bearable. 
I guess I can go a little faster. 
While I was pushing myself, I heard my teammates whispering behind me.
“I can see why he became so famous, that day.” 
“I’ve heard the story, but… . I never imagined it was this intense.”
Amelia and Bersil, who had only heard about that day, were awestruck by my performance. 
‘Well, I think they’re complimenting me… .’
Honestly, it’s a little embarrassing. 
Back then, I had no choice but to run for my life. 
Moreover, I had the ability to do so. 
“[Everyone’s crazy! Do you think anyone will recognize you for doing this?! Hero, huh?] 
[Damn it… . But I’m going. Someone has to do it.]”
Unlike those guys who died while running ahead and stepping on traps, 
I had no fear of stepping on a trap and dying. 
That’s why I was able to run ahead and step on traps with unparalleled courage, like I am doing now. 
“Your character’s health is below 40%.”
My head is starting to get numb, but I keep my eyes wide open to prevent my concentration from being broken. I have more to worry about than Abyssal Goblins now. 
‘Berzack… . Thankfully, he’s probably far away.’
I haven’t encountered an ‘Abyssal Watcher’ yet, which is Berzack’s substitute eye. 
In other words, he’s somewhere far away. 
“Um… . What if we came down right before the hour of closure, tried to open the portal, and if it failed, used the closure release to go back to the city?”
Bersil, who suddenly had an idea, offered his opinion. I had already considered this option. 
If I time it just right, I can avoid going back and forth. 
But… .
“That would have been even harder. There would have been few left on the first floor by that time. We would have inevitably had to face him. Yandell must have considered that before making his decision.” 
Amelia, you understand. 
You understand that I didn’t just randomly come down without thinking. 
“Your character’s health is below 30%.”
“Your character’s health is below 20%.”
“Your passive skill [Hero’s Path] has reached its maximum effect, increasing all resistance and immunity values.”
As my passive skill reached its peak, 
We finished our sprint and reached our destination, just over an hour later. 
I’ve lost a lot of health, but otherwise, there’s no major issue. 
And I didn’t encounter Berzack. 
The other teammates are all in tip-top shape, apart from me, of course. 
But… .
‘Damn it.’
Just because the process went smoothly doesn’t mean the result will follow suit.
The problem is where we’ve arrived. 
“… . Yandell, sir?”
“…. The giant! The giant’s leading his party here!”
“Is he perhaps trying to open the door?”
What’s going on? Why are there so many people? There are dozens, no, even more than that. 
I can’t understand at all. 
This is a place that even the smallest creatures find out about before day three. 
And I even smashed the wall before leaving, so I didn’t expect this to remain a secret. 
But, even so!
‘Why are all of them here when Berzack has been summoned?’
I tried to hide my disappointment and asked the nearest man.
“Hey, you, bald head.”
“Me, sir?”
“What are you all doing here?”
The man tilted his head as if I had asked him a strange question.
“Waiting for the portal to open, of course! You never know, maybe someone will take down the Abyssal Monarch. Or maybe it’ll open right before the closure!”
My mouth dropped open. His response was so naive. 
“What if Berzack appears here?”
“We have to take that risk! It’s a hidden area we’re trying to find!”
I was speechless. 
“You know… . sir.”
“… .”
“That’s what an adventurer’s life is all about!”
For the first time in my life, I felt a sense of disillusionment about being an adventurer. 
I’ve always thought there were a lot of screwballs in this profession, but… .
“With all due respect, sir… . Do you know how to open the portal?”
I never thought there’d be so many crazy people. 