## Chapter 508: Basement Floor 1 (4)
Entrance capacity: 60 people.
Additionally, the portal would only open briefly for entrance, and there was no returning portal. These two characteristics were consistent with the nature of a "rift." However, there were many ambiguous aspects to classifying this place, where I stood, as a rift.
"At least there was a monument."
At the point where tiers connected, a portal monument always existed. And as always, we had activated the monument and opened the portal. Also…
"There's never been a case where a hidden area was a rift."
The "hidden area" inscribed on the Stone of Honor usually meant a new tier, or a hidden field like "Larkaz's Labyrinth." 
"But it’s unlikely that this is a hidden field of the first floor."
For the time being, I decided to consider this as a single tier. Hidden fields shared the closing date of the corresponding tier.
However, to open this portal, we had to painstakingly farm fragments from the third floor. 
"Adding the return time, the earliest we could arrive would be around the sixth day."
Wouldn't it be more fitting to call this a hidden field, considering the structure which only allowed exploration for a maximum of two days? This possibility seemed unlikely.
"The important question is when this place closes…"
This would naturally become clear as time passed.
"Bersil, have you finished assessing the personnel?"
"Yes."
Before starting the exploration in earnest, we had concluded our preliminary investigations to assess the forces.
"There are two major factions, for starters. The Silver Lion Clan with twenty members, and the Hext Clan with nineteen."
"Both have an odd number of members."
Clans usually moved in an even number. When the group size was five, they adjusted to multiples of five, and after increasing to six, they formed teams in multiples of six.
"Yes. Both clans appear to have quite a few casualties. They seemed to be in a frenzy, rushing out without order after the barrier disappeared and the portal opened."
"I see. What about the rest?"
"Two five-person teams and one four-person team."
Upon further inquiry, it turned out that the four-person team was missing its leader entirely, and one of the five-person teams was missing its warrior, completely throwing off their combat balance.
"Should we try and gather more information? Everyone seems to be receptive to my favors since they need a place to rely on."
"No, this is enough. Thank you."
"And…"
"Yes?"
Bersil cautiously opened her mouth when I tilted my head in confusion.
"All three of the smaller teams asked if they could rely on us. The other two clans also seemed to be hoping for cooperation."
"I understand cooperation, but relying on us?"
"What’s the big deal? They’ll do whatever they’re told and accept whatever compensation they’re given, just take them in."
It made sense. They might have rushed in blindly driven by greed, but now that they’re in this unknown land, their senses have probably returned. Especially with casualties and unbalanced teams.
"What are you going to do?"
"What are the team's levels?"
"They average around level 5."
"Then there’s nothing more to see. Just get rid of them all."
Given our structure of elite few in combat, it seemed more likely for them to be a hindrance.
"If we don’t take them in, they’ll either band together, or rely on the two clans. They’ll figure it out."
It wasn’t like I dragged these guys down here against their will. 
I opened the portal as they requested, so our connection ends there. Therefore…
"Bersil, cast the group binding magic again."
"How many people in each group?"
"Emily and Aouyen in one group. The rest in another."
First, we divided our team into two. 
I had considered going with a six-person binding system, excluding Aouyen, but it would be beneficial for her to gain experience as well. It makes sense, considering a new tier means new types of monsters, right? If we structure it this way, even if Amelia hits with a normal attack, the experience will be shared with Aouyen.
"Emily, is this okay?"
"I have no objections. I understand that a mage with a lot of AoE spells needs to be in a group with you."
Right, so that’s settled too.
"Bjorn! How long do we have to stay here!"
Ainar seemed to be losing patience.
"Everyone, form a moving formation."
It’s time to begin the exploration.
***
As soon as we started to move, the explorers who were preparing at the starting point began to look at me. One of them mustered up the courage to ask me.
"If… if it’s not too much trouble, could we follow you from a distance?"
He meant they wanted to learn by watching us explore this unknown tier, as they were afraid to take the lead.
The nerve of these guys. After getting a free ride through the portal, they want a free bus service too?
"It’s a problem, so it’s not possible."
I decisively cut him off without leaving any room for negotiation.
Of course, they were eager to get on the bus, so they didn't back down easily.
"But… if you could just help us a little, it would greatly reduce the number of casualties."
One of them took the lead, and the others found courage in his actions, so they started to chime in.
"He’s right…!"
"In an emergency, explorers have a duty to help each other…."
"If you help us, it will definitely be a great boost to your reputation—."
What are these guys talking about?
Do they think I’m a sucker just because I opened a portal for them once?
"When did I tell you to come in?"
"…"
"If you’re explorers, then do your own exploration."
"But surely many will die—."
"You have to accept that level of risk, don’t you? As you know, that’s what exploration is."
With that, I led the team away from the starting point. My strong words seemed to work, as no one dared to follow us.
"Whew, that feels good. I don't know why everyone is so chatty."
"Captain, but are you sure about this…? If they survive and return, they might spread some strange rumors about you…"
Aouyen asked with a worried voice, but I chuckled and patted her on the back.
"Don’t worry about that. It’s just a headache."
"Ha ha… You are so bold."
"Anyway, stop chatting and focus on the exploration. You never know what might be out there."
After that, I slowly circled the starting point, keeping the moving formation in mind, and surveyed the terrain.
It didn't take long. It was a small rock island.
"I thought I heard the sound of waves…"
"It’s a real island."
The island was so small that it took about thirty minutes to circle it. It’s similar to the island of Limea in the sixth floor, the starting island, wouldn’t you say?
For starters, there weren’t any monsters on the island. 
No, there was really nothing.
"There were trees to chop in Limea Island. There’s nothing here, not even that."
That's a bummer.
If there was a special material found only here, I could have sold it at a high price when I got back.
Of course, it's too early to give up hope. 
The real exploration is beyond the sea.
"Lokrob, do you think it's possible?"
Before launching the boat, I asked the navigator's opinion first. 
It’s obvious this sea is different from a normal sea.
"Yes. The water is different from normal seawater, but the wood floats. I don’t know for sure, but given this buoyancy, I think our ship can float."
"That’s good."
Silver waves crashing against the rocks.
It looks like a sea made of mercury.
And strange floating objects are floating among them.
Shooowwoooosh—!
A wardrobe, fireplace, thick book, old sword, knight’s helmet, etc. floating on silver waves…
What’s that? Is it a sock?
I don’t know, but I summoned the boat at the most suitable spot, actively incorporating Aouyen’s opinions.
"Wow! The boat’s floating!"
The boat was thankfully floating without any problems, but just in case, I watched for ten minutes to check for damage to the ship, and then everyone boarded and finished preparing to set sail.
And I left all the decisions regarding this voyage to Aouyen.
"You… you mean me?"
"Yes. Imagine that you’ve come to the sixth floor for the first time, without knowing anything, and try steering the boat."
Aouyen seemed to be burdened by such a position, but she reluctantly agreed when I spoke firmly.
"Then, I’ll start by checking the surrounding waters…"
"Do whatever you want. No need to report every little detail to me. You’re much better at navigation than me."
The ship, which had set sail, moved cautiously, as if showing the character of the navigator Aouyen. 
Aouyen checked constantly to see if the water was deep, or if there were any hidden obstacles beneath the surface, and he created a nautical chart in real time. Amelia watched and helped him with an interested look.
"I’m jealous. Having that ability."
"…Yes?"
"It was meant as encouragement. Your map and your name will be in the history books, just like Pickma’s Nautical Chart."
Amelia seemed to be strangely fixated on this kind of thing.
Is it because she’s spent her whole life unable to publicly reveal her real name?
"I’ll have to think of a way for her to get her real name back when we return to the city."
The sailing was going well without me, so I gradually moved to the deck. Aouyen is an expert in navigation, but I am an expert in the labyrinth itself.
"My field of vision has expanded."
The visibility on the rock island was about 100 meters, but once we started sailing, it gradually increased. It’s just that the sky was dark, so we couldn’t see far, but it felt like the visibility limit had disappeared.
"Bersil, have you figured anything out?"
"No. It seems like there’s no relevant equipment, so… I’m just collecting samples, rather than doing research."
"I see…"
As a mage, Bersil had been collecting floating objects since the rock island, but she had not figured anything out.
"Would it have been different if it was Raven?"
That thought crossed my mind, but I wasn’t disappointed.
After all, what good is studying this kind of stuff anyway? We’re explorers. All we need is to collect samples and sell them at a high price.
"Then I guess we can just leave Bersil alone…"
I checked the other members.
Erwen, who had good eyesight, had taken her position on the lookout platform erected on the mast and was communicating with the navigation team. Ainar was enjoying herself at the edge of the deck, acting like the captain. Misha was standing alone in a really awkward spot, awkwardly.
But just as I was about to approach her…
"Island! I see an island!"
A new field had been discovered. 
***
This was our first discovery since entering the hidden area.
Excited, we quickly turned the bow of the ship and moved towards the direction Erwen had indicated.
And…
"…"
"…"
We froze, starting from a distance.
The reason was simple.
"M, monster…"
It wasn’t an island.
"…What do we do?"
"Oh! Are we going to fight? This seems to be a monster we’ve never seen before. It might be weak."
"A, are you crazy? Fighting a monster that size is suicidal!"
The monster was so large that it could be mistaken for an island.
Only Amelia and I truly realized the danger of facing this behemoth.
"…Jandel."
Amelia could roughly determine the level of a monster thanks to [Crisis Detection]. But it seemed like she didn’t know much other than its level.
"No, Aouyen Lokrob. Turn the bow immediately. We need to get as far away from 'that' as possible."
"…Yes? Oh, yes! I understand."
Aouyen obeyed Amelia’s order without any questions.
Only then did she come to me.
"Do you know what it is?"
Of course I do.
A gigantic black carapace.
A long neck and a dragon-like head.
And a long beard growing from its snout.
"Tol-Lapupa. A level 1 monster."
"Really… it was a level 1 monster."
It makes sense they’re calling it a monster they’ve never seen before.
80% of level 1 monsters appear only on the 10th floor.
It’s impossible to have any information about them.
"And it only appears in hidden fields."
A massive monster that could only be seen on the last floor, in a hidden field.
"Damn it…"
Only after we had moved far enough that we couldn’t see Tol-Lapupa anymore did I feel chills down my spine.
"A level 1 monster…."
It’s a good thing it was a non-aggressive monster. What if it had been an aggressive one?
We would have been wiped out instantly.
A level 1 monster is harder to raid than most high-tier dungeon bosses.
"Should we return to the rock island…?"
That thought crossed my mind, but I continued sailing, as it felt too much to give up.
And as time passed…
[00:01]
The seventh day ended.
It meant that the first floor had already closed.
"Okay, so this isn't a hidden field after all…"
As I expected, this was a new tier.
And the tier number would probably be…
"Basement floor 1."
Right, since the second floor already exists, it would probably be labeled as the basement floor 1.
Hmm, then what about the name? 
Usually, when a new tier opens, the Stone of Honor displays the official name.
"I’ll know when we get out."
I calmed my heart, which was still in shock from seeing the level 1 monster, and continued sailing.
Just then…
"Kyaaah!"
Bersil, who had been collecting floating objects like fishing, screamed.
"Monster! Monster!"
I quickly approached the railing and looked down. I could see the monster climbing up the hull.
"Huh? What is it? It doesn't look like a Merlock or a Frogman."
Ainar, who had rushed over at the sound of “monster,” asked me, but I couldn’t answer. 
I thought this might happen, as it was a new tier.
[Kkil, Kireuk, Kireuk!]
It was a new species of monster.
Undisclosed level, classification, or name. 