## The Grave (1)
Its basic form resembled a Frogman. 
The rounded, air-filled belly, the suckers on the knuckles of its fingers. 
Even the shape of its face was similar. 
Only its skin wasn't green, it was gray, and it didn't wield the trademark harpoon. 
And most crucially,
"Wings…?"
An incongruous pair of wings, seemingly cut out with scissors and glued on, sprouted from its back— 
[Screech!!]
Those clinging to the walls flapped their wings, using their strength to ascend the deck in a single bound.
So, those wings weren't just for show?
“Amelia, their level?”
I quickly regained my composure and checked Amelia for their level.  [Danger Sense] couldn't give an accurate reading, but…
"Below level 7, I'd say. They don't seem to pose any threat,"
I could tell from the brief analysis based on big data.
"Below level 7…"
I watched as a dozen or so of these creatures swarmed the deck, their eyes fixed on us, and quickly issued an order.
"Don't rush in! Our priority is gathering information about them."
"Ugh!"
Ainar, who was about to charge forward, hesitated upon hearing my command.
Good, she still listens to me. 
“Behell—raaaaaaaa!”
I roared, my [Wild Surge] enhancing my threat level as I marched forward.  The creatures, unidentified and hostile, immediately attacked. 
Their basic attacks were nothing like I had expected. 
No teeth, no claws. 
They didn't wield anything like harpoons either. 
Confused, I waited for their attack. 
Swoosh.
The moment the creatures took a cat-like stance and lifted their behinds, 
Zzzzt—!
A projectile, likely imbued with lightning energy, appeared out of thin air and shot forward like a thorny spike. 
As they were below level 7, naturally, I suffered no damage. 
I blocked most of them with my shield, but the few that got through did not pierce my skin. 
However… 
"What the hell…?"
I froze. 
It wasn't from some unknown effect, a ‘paralysis’ or ‘shock’ status ailment. 
I was just too startled.
“Hey, Yandell… what the creatures just used…”
Yes, I wasn't seeing things.
Versil trailed off, but Erwen finished her sentence.
“It seems like [Thunder Thorn], Plominas’ unique skill…?”
Plominas, a level 7 monster. 
A lightning-type creature that appeared in parts of the 3rd floor and the 4th floor. 
But this thing was using a different species' unique skill?
“Could it be an advanced variant?”
The thought crossed my mind, but it was impossible. 
Every creature that had climbed onto the deck was using the same skill. 
"The same skill, but a different monster…"
What about their other skills?
I kept them from attacking and observed, and the more I watched, the more astonished I became.
"That's… [Iron Feathers], Ironfalcon’s skill."
“Oh! I know this one! Isn't it [Bubble Wrap], the skill of [Sea Worm], a level 6 creature?!” 
“Th, that’s not level 6, it’s level 7…”
Their three active skills were all borrowed from different monsters. 
I was curious about their passives, but unfortunately, they were not easy to identify. 
So, I decided to capture one, swinging my hammer at the creature. 
「[Corrupted Slime] caused your attack to miss.」
Huh, their passive is Frogman’s? 
That explains the resemblance. 
Whatever. I've learned everything I need to know.
“The investigation’s over. Kill them all!”
“Really?!” 
The moment I gave the order, Ainar dashed forward, securing the first kill and the achievement of being the first to slay one of these creatures. 
However, the issue was… 
「You have slain Macguri.」
What? It feels like I didn't earn any experience? 
Even though it was below level 7, I was used to that feeling, a slight tingling—
「No.9999 Beginner's Luck has activated.」
I stopped thinking and looked ahead. 
“…Essence!”
Wow, they really drop essence too. 
“….Versil! Quickly, put it in a vial!”
I hurried to instruct the mage while subconsciously thinking. 
"So, this means the combination is [Corrupted Slime] plus Sea Worm, Ironfalcon, and Plominas' unique skills?" 
Maybe the entire cultivation composition setup will change. 
***
One fight was over.
The spoils were one green essence. 
I needed to examine it further, but I had a feeling it was Ironfalcon’s [Iron Feathers]. 
It was a green essence, after all. 
“Versil, how many vials are left?”
“Twenty-seven, sir.”
“Didn’t Melbes send us twenty?”
“I brought all of my own just in case.”
“I see…”
“What should we do with the used vials?”
“Keep them, Versil. It’ll be easier to manage if they are all in one place.”
I first sorted out the vials and then turned to my team. 
“Did you all feel it?  When we first killed one of those creatures…?” 
“Ah, you mean the lack of experience points?”
“Huh? Did you all feel it too? I thought it was just me…”
Since none of them had felt experience points come in, it was clear that they weren’t given any. 
"This floor's concept is unique…"
A chimera of monsters, merging skills from various species.
And they don’t give experience points. 
It was kind of a letdown. 
If all monsters on this floor were like this, then there would be no new skills, which was what I had been looking forward to.
But, I also had this thought:
“…Creatures possessing skills from different species. The world would go crazy if this got out.”
This might be a really big deal. 
After all, this was far more helpful in creating overpowered combos than acquiring some random new skill. 
A sort of customization feature? 
"Take Steel Giant, for example. If you could just equip its active skills without the passive, the weapon restrictions would be gone." 
There were a lot of essences that I liked, be it active or passive, but I couldn’t include them in my final build because of their stats or other drawbacks. 
"But what if you could add [Enlargement] to those passive skills?"
It would significantly raise the character's ceiling. 
Take the Orc Hero, for example.  Its passives are just bonuses.
[Hero's Path] is a decent skill that increases physical stats as your health drops, but it’s a level 5 essence, so its performance is lacking.
Its base stats are also relatively low. 
Unless you combine it with [Enlargement] and [Union], there are plenty of essences with better specs…
“…Could there be such a monster?”
I didn’t know. 
Maybe these were just special cases.
The other creatures might be armed with new essences, or maybe this was the first and last time we encountered a creature like this.
But…
“It’s interesting.”
My heart pounded. 
I was a gamer who loved [Dungeon and Stone]. 
What lies ahead? 
I couldn't help but feel anticipation, my fists clenching. 
But, I shouldn’t relax too much. 
The unknown is an opportunity, but also a crisis. 
“Raise the sails!”
After tidying up the deck, we continued our voyage. 
This area seemed to be the habitat of those electric frogs I had seen earlier. 
They kept jumping out of the water and onto the deck. 
This time, we hunted them down using ‘warp’.
「Versil Goul랜드 has cast level 6 spacetime magic, [Advanced Warp].」
They are new monsters, after all.
The byproduct will undoubtedly be sold for a high price at the magic tower.
"Hey, Bjorn!"
“If you’re bored, go clean the deck.” 
“It’s not that. I have something to say.”
“...Go ahead.”
As we were peacefully exploring, Ainar suddenly asked this question. 
“What should we name these guys?”
“Name…?”
It was a question I hadn’t considered.
How are monster names chosen? 
“Erwen, do you know?”
“Uh… I don’t think so…?”
Erwen, who seemed to know surprisingly little, also didn’t know anything about the origins of monster names. 
The same went for Versil, even though she was a mage.
“You know… it’s a question I’ve never thought about. I suppose the one who finds them first names them?”
“Hm… so that’s it.”
Responding to Versil, Amelia, who was assisting with the navigation next to Auyen,  approached us, her eyes full of interest. 
"Nanari."
“….Huh?”
"What do you think of Nanari? It's a good sound, and… well, it has a cute vibe to it, don’t you think?”
This girl really does like that kind of stuff.
“We’re naming a monster, Amelia, not trying to pick a cute name.  It’s Nanari, not Nana,  Emily.”
“…But, doesn’t it reflect the finder’s heart?” 
"Well, that’s true."
I glanced around. 
Everyone seemed interested in deciding the name for this newly discovered monster. 
Well, they are all explorers, after all.  It might be a good motivator for future explorations.  So, I decided to set the stage.
“If you have any ideas, say them out loud. We'll collect the candidates, and then vote.”
“Vote… fair enough. My candidate is Nanari.  And anyone who votes for Nanari will get 10,000 stones.”
“I said vote, not buy votes…”
“You didn’t say we couldn’t buy them, though.”
“…Do as you please.”
There was a brief debate about fairness, but starting with Amelia, everyone began suggesting names.
"Ultimathesandra! How about that? A powerful name, don’t you think?"
"But it’s not even level 7, is it? What about using its characteristics? It’s a creature that possesses the skills of Sea Worm, Ironfalcon, Plominas, and Frogman…”
“Creature?”
"Seafalcon Frogman!"
“….Huh?”
"Seafalcon Frogman! Isn’t it pretty good?" 
It sounded ridiculous, but to my surprise, the others agreed. 
“Oh! I like it! It’s a very powerful-sounding name!” 
“…You know, it does stick with you. It brings to mind the monster’s appearance.”
“Nanari is better, don’t you think? I’ll give 20,000 stones.”
Other names continued to be suggested until finally, it was time to vote.
And the results were…
“Macguri, seven votes. Sea… Falcon Frogman, three votes.  Nanari, two votes, and Kiruru, one vote.”
“Wait, what? How can there be thirteen votes with seven people?”
“Ah, Versil, did you not know? It’s written in our clan rules. The clan leader’s vote is equal to the number of clan members.”
“…Well, that’s not very democratic.”
I spoke in a cold tone.
“Democratic? What’s that?”
“Oh, you know… that’s…”
Versil faltered, realizing she had made a mistake. 
Of course, if you’re a player, you have to keep these things secret. 
This is a world without ideologies like democracy.
“Alright, then that settles it.  From now on, these creatures will be called Macguri.”
And so, the name for the first discovered monster was decided. 
Macguri. 
It was a random name I came up with after seeing its gull-like wings and frog-like appearance, but it didn’t matter much. 
Macguri will probably prefer this name over Seafalcon, whatever. 
***
“Alright, everyone go back to your stations!”
With that order, Erwen went back to the lookout, Auyen and Amelia to the highest points, and Versil resumed collecting specimens by fishing. 
“Ainar, you’re not going to play around. Clean the deck.”
“…There’s Misha too, she’s playing around.”
“Misha… has other things to do…”
“…Really?”
“Misha… you are going to stand on this deck and fight any monsters that appear.”
“Woo! I can do that too. Order me around!”
“Tsk!”
Anyway, everyone resumed their tasks and I, like a free spirit, strolled around the ship, checking for any problems. 
Just then, I received a call from Versil.
“Yandell, can you come here for a second?”
“Did you find something?”
When I rushed over, Versil was surrounded by flotsam she had collected from the sea, and she handed me something.
“I just pulled this out of the water. What do you think?  I think it’ll sell for a good price back in the city, don’t you?”
“…A painting?”
“Yeah. It looks like a sea, but the paper is intact. It’s not wet at all.”
A work of art retrieved from the maze? 
It probably would fetch a high price…
“Let me have a look.”
I took the painting from Versil and looked at it. 
And I froze.
"..."
A man and a woman, who seemed to be his wife. 
And a young girl in between them, smiling brightly in a rough sketch of a portrait. 
“Um… what’s wrong?” 
"..."
“Is it someone you know?”
Well, not exactly ‘know’…
I didn’t even know why this was found here. 
"Well, for starters…"
It was a portrait of Hans A’s family, one I had carelessly discarded on the floor of the maze years ago, during my first expedition.
]]]