##  Tomb (4)
One, two, three, four, five, six… I began counting automatically, as was my habit. 
“Twenty-four.” That was the number of explorers standing awkwardly at the entrance. So, these were the Hext Clan, were they?
“Mirtaine's team seems to have sought refuge with this clan.”
“Mirtaine?”
“The five-person team whose warrior couldn't make it in. Their leader's name is Mirtaine.”
I see.  
Then, was the remaining four-person team and the other five-person team attached to the Silver Lion Clan? I didn't know, but I decided to speak to them first. To be honest, I had a bad feeling about them from the start. 
“Are you going to fight?”
“…Excuse me?”
The swordsman leading the pack finally seemed to snap out of it when I asked. 
“Ah… we thought it was a monster because we heard a noise….  Everyone, what are you doing! Put away your weapons!”
I wondered if they were waiting to ambush us, but it seemed they weren't.  
Once everyone lowered their weapons, he asked me cautiously, “Um, have you finished your exploration below?”
“Just a bit. But you just arrived, right?”
“Yes, that is correct, but…”
“Well, fate has brought us together, so let's exchange names. What's your name?”
“Waite.  Waite Hext. I’m the second leader of the Hext Clan.” 
“Second leader?”
“My father was the first.”
So, he inherited the clan.  He must have been born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
I was tempted to just go our separate ways, but I had some questions. I decided to continue the conversation.  
“Waite, what happened after we left?”
“Ah, you mean…?”
Usually, when someone asks another explorer a question like this, the response would be something like “Why don’t you figure it out yourself?” However, it was different with me.
It was not just my reputation but also the fact that I was the one who opened the portal leading here. 
Even though I had left them on the rocky island and told them to fend for themselves, they remained courteous.
“As you might have expected, Your Lordship, they naturally split into two groups.”
In any case, what Waite told me was straightforward.
The Silver Lion Clan and the Hext Clan.
After I left, these two groups had formed a temporary alliance. They hadn't unified their leadership, but they decided to move together, supporting each other in case of danger.
“What about the smaller teams?”
“They formed an alliance of three, feeling uneasy about being caught in the middle of the clans.”
That’s how the three groups formed an alliance. 
They each boarded their ships and left the rocky island to begin their exploration in earnest.
And then…
“Problems arose after they discovered the island.”
“That island?”
When I showed interest, Waite, not being a complete fool, suggested a deal.
“If Your Lordship will tell us about the information you have about this place, we’ll share our information as well.”
“Oh really?  Alright, I'll do that. Tell me everything.”
We hadn’t signed a formal agreement, but Waite seemed to consider my verbal promise sufficient. He nodded silently.
“It was a very large island, and we encountered an undiscovered creature.”
“Are you talking about the Tentaculan?”
“How did you know that name, Lord Yandell?”
“I’ll tell you later. Keep going.”
“…It wasn’t a Tentaculan. Unlike the ones we encountered on our way to the island, it was a much stronger monster.”
A much stronger monster, huh?
The Tentaculan was a Rank 4. This meant it had to be at least Rank 3.
“Tell me more details.”
“We managed to kill it, but we don't know what its inherent ability was.  We just know it used Deathroad’s [Saving Fog], Rectus’s [Corpse Poison], and Helsmith’s [Hellfire]. We called it “Diamond." 
Diamond. 
Its rank is unknown, and since it was alone when first encountered, it’s likely a solitary creature.
“What happened after you captured it?”
“We decided it was too dangerous to go into the interior of the island, so we stayed on the coast and continued to hunt Diamond.  That’s when we had a difference of opinion.”
“What kind of difference?”
“The Silver Lion Clan wanted to go inside the island, but we disagreed. Even hunting Diamond one by one on the coast was dangerous enough for me.”
The Silver Lion Clan, however, was steadfast. 
Rather than trying to reach a consensus through persuasion, they decided to go their separate ways, and the Hext Clan gave in.
“There was also a difference of opinion among the smaller teams. Two of the teams went with the Silver Lion Clan, but Mirtaine’s team decided to stay with us.”
“Why did you leave the island?”
“We thought there must be other islands.  Islands that would allow us to safely explore, even at our level.”
Well, considering the island had Rank 3 monsters from the start, it makes sense they’d rather look for another place. 
On the first floor, I had thought they were suicidal, but now, I see they were pragmatic.
"Then, would you be willing to share Lord Yandell's story?”
Later, in exchange for this information, I told them about the information I had gathered from the library.
At first, the guy was thrilled to hear our story, but as it got longer, his expression became more and more subtle.
“Based on your story, Your Lordship, there doesn't seem to be much we can get from down there.”
“It's pretty good if you're aiming to hunt. We have a ton of unused summoning scrolls, and more importantly, you might be able to figure out something we couldn’t."
"That... would be true."
Then, Waite called his navigator and shared the island’s location with our navigator, Aouyen. This concluded our business.
Just as we were about to go our separate ways, Waite spoke in a meaningful tone. 
“As expected… Your Lordship, you haven’t found a way to leave.”
“What do you mean?”
“No, nothing… Don’t mind my worries.”
“I’ll judge whether it’s unnecessary or not. Tell me.”
When I spoke firmly, he opened his mouth with slightly embarrassed eyes.
“It's just… I was thinking about when this place will be closed. Suddenly, I had a strange anxiety…  whether we’ll be able to return to the city when it closes.”
“….”
“What if this place becomes my tomb? I mean, that kind of anxiety.”
Whew, what was he trying to say?
‘I shouldn’t have asked.’
It made you feel uneasy, hearing him say that.
***
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.
The ship sailed through the silver waves.
Our destination was the island whose coordinates we had received from the Hext Clan.
“With our ship’s capabilities, we’ll arrive in about five hours.”
Aouyen used his navigator-exclusive skills to shorten the travel time, and the other members were expertly carrying out their duties.
It was 2 am.
‘Is it the eleventh day now…?’
It had already been eleven days since the labyrinth opened.
However, the labyrinth was still not closed.
I had been paying close attention to this ever since the seventh day…
Was it because of what he said earlier?
Something felt strange this time.
Previously, I had felt relieved knowing that the closing date hadn’t arrived yet, but now, I felt a small sense of anxiety.
‘It’s this not knowing anything that drives people crazy.’
It’s a labyrinth. It will close eventually.
I thought that, but I still had doubts.
Despite all the floors, from the first to the tenth, having statistics in common, I still couldn’t feel at ease because of the unique characteristics of the underground first floor.
‘If it’s not closed even on the thirtieth day, I’ll revisit this issue then.’
My head felt lighter after organizing my thoughts.
It’s good to always assume the worst-case scenario, but it’s wrong to get so caught up in it that you can’t do what you need to do.
“Bjorn, that Tentamond! It appeared!”
“Tentaculan, you mean.”
As time passed, we seemed to have entered their territory, and Tentaculans began appearing instead of Maggu.
They’d leap out of the sea like flying fish and fall on the deck.
“Killed a Tentaculan.”
“Killed a Tentaculan.”
“Killed a Tentaculan.”
“Killed a Tentaculan…”
We hunted the entire time we continued sailing, but no essence dropped.
I couldn’t help but feel disappointed.
As a new species of Rank 4 monster, its essence would have definitely sold for a high price.
‘I’ll come back and farm essence later… when I have time.’ 
I tried to let go of my regret.  
Isn’t there a saying, “Don’t be greedy and lose all you have?”
“Oh, it’s a new island!”
The moment we could see our destination, we prepared to disembark.
The mooring spot was a small beach at the bottom of a cliff.
They said we couldn’t moor anywhere else because it was all cliffs.
‘It’s not impossible to moor next to the cliff and climb up…’
Well, it’s better to just go ashore and walk than to do that.  
That kind of thing is something you do after you're a pro. This beach is clearly meant to be the starting point.
"I’ll do a terrain survey first, so everyone follow me and tell me immediately if you find anything.”
Once we arrived on the beach, I began to explore the surrounding terrain.  There weren't any monsters visible immediately, but I couldn’t let my guard down.
‘Visibility is about 10 meters.’
It was one of the characteristics of the underground first floor.  Each field had a different visibility range.
From far away, I could see the island’s outline, but once I stepped inside, my vision was blocked, making me feel claustrophobic.
“Aouyen, you follow me and make a map.  You can do it, right?”
"Yes.  Leave it to me.”
I could make the map myself, but I decided to leave this job to Aouyen.
I’m the party leader. I can't carry around a notebook and pen all the time.
"Captain, I don’t think there’s anywhere else to explore.”
“It ended sooner than I expected.”
After about 20 minutes of exploring the beach, there was only one way off the coast.
Unless you wanted to climb the dozens of meters high cliff, the only way to get inland was through a narrow gap between the cliffs.
However…
‘The problem is there are three paths.
The front, and left and right gaps, based on the beach.
There’s a possibility that each one leads to the same place, but we can’t be sure.
I have to choose one.
“Ainar, which way should we go?”
"Of course, the warrior always goes straight!"
Since we had to find out ourselves anyway, I chose the front path, as Ainar suggested.
‘…It’s much narrower than I thought.’
Even after disabling [Giant], I kept bumping my head and getting my shoulders stuck.
I endured the discomfort and continued for about 20 minutes until I saw the exit.
‘Whew, I can breathe again.’
I had felt like I was about to get claustrophobic, so I rushed out as fast as I could. 
And quickly checked the surroundings.
“….”
A tropical rainforest reminiscent of the Amazon Jungle.
The ground was covered with thick bushes reaching up to my knees, and the strangely shaped trees were bigger than any I had ever seen in Korea.
And…
Drip.
Something liquid dripped from above.
‘Rain?’
I thought that at first, but the sensation of it dripping down my cheek, slick and slimy, was something I couldn't mistake.
‘Blood.’
I quickly looked up.
“…Damn it.”
Three corpses, their faces mangled, hung from the vines.
“...It’s members of the Silver Lion Clan."
The heavy silence that followed Bersil’s words spoke volumes.
It was a very simple reason.
“….”
“….”
Monsters don’t do that. 