## The Corpse in the Tree (1)
Three corpses hung from the tree. 
“Erwin, cut the ropes,” I said.
We lowered the bodies to the ground and examined them. 
“The edges of the wounds are clean,” Erwin observed.
“Judging by the cuts, the weapon is a sword. It would be about this long,” I said, holding my hand out as an indicator.
“So, it’s likely the work of humans,” Misha concluded.
The professional mages and assassins agreed that the wounds were caused by weapons.
“But… aren’t there quite a few monsters that use weapons?” Ainar, the non-combatant navigator, asked with an innocent tone.
However, none of us believed the three had been killed by monsters. After all, they were hanging from a tree.
“There has never been a single instance of monsters displaying aggression in this way. Mr. Lockrobe, you’ve seen it too, haven’t you? Those monsters that go wild with bloodlust at the sight of explorers show no interest whatsoever in the explorers who have died.”
“Ah… now that you mention it, I think you’re right.”
Erwin’s explanation was so convincing that Ainar immediately understood. 
However…
“Ugh… what happened here?”
“I wonder. Perhaps there was some kind of internal conflict within the Silver Lion Clan. Or maybe these people betrayed them. In any case, it’s definitely not the work of monsters.”
While Erwin’s deduction might be plausible, I couldn’t accept it as a 100% truth.
There was always the possibility of a new species of monster with unknown habits…
“Mental contamination.”
“What?” Misha asked, taken aback.
“Perhaps they were mentally contaminated. While monsters wouldn’t do such a thing, a mind consumed by madness is capable of anything.”
That possibility also existed. And as the leader, I couldn’t ignore it.
“Erwin, cast ‘Tranquility’,” I instructed.
“O-okay!”
Therefore, I decided to take some basic precautions.  ‘Tranquility’ wasn’t as effective as ‘Soul Barrier’ magic, the most potent defense against mental contamination, but ‘Soul Barrier’ consumed an immense amount of mana.
“‘Tranquility’ should be sufficient for constant maintenance, right?”
“Yes. Don’t worry.”
Alright. If a problem arises, I’ll give additional orders then.
I glanced up at the spot where the corpses were hanging and asked Misha, who was standing beside me.
“Misha.”
“Y-yes?!”
“What was your first impression when you saw those bodies on the tree?”
“Uh… well… it felt like a display of power. Like trophies being put on display.”
Yes, that’s right.
“Amelia, what about you?”
“It felt more like a threat than a display of power. It being right in front of the exit like that…”
“A message, like, ‘don’t come any further,’ right?”
“Yeah.” Amelia nodded and asked, “What about you?”
“I feel the same. It felt like a warning to me, too.”
As I muttered that, I heard a strange sound from beside me.
“Ugh.”
“What’s wrong, Misha?” I asked.
“N-nothing…”
Anyways, the conversation had reached its end.
I turned my attention away from the three corpses.
Who had done this to them?
It was too contradictory to be the work of monsters. Even if we assumed it was humans, there were elements that didn’t add up.
However… so what?
‘We’ll figure it out as we go deeper.’
If you’re curious about the darkness, then go in. 
As the old saying goes, there are things in the world that you can’t understand by simply watching.
Therefore…
“Let’s go.”
I instructed Ayarin to draw a map as we ventured deeper into the jungle.
After some time…
“Ugh! That tree… it’s moving!”
Finally, we encountered the first monster. 
It wasn’t the ‘Diamond’ that the people who told us about this island hunted on the coast.
“A new species of monster.”
Its name and rank were unknown.
It must be a plant species, though. There are no cases of a beast or natural species attached to a moving tree.
Whiz!
The vine whipped out like a lash.
Hmm, is this its normal attack?
Boom!
Judging by the weight I felt through my shield, the power itself isn’t that great.
Considering it’s a normal attack, it might be about Rank 5, perhaps?
Of course, that information alone wasn’t enough to be reassured. A mage class having a weak normal attack is common knowledge.
Thud-thud-thud-thud-thud-!
The branches trembled, like leaves rustling in an autumn wind. Soon, orbs of light fell along with the leaves.
The orbs, initially small, rapidly expanded, and by the time they reached the ground, they were several times larger than their initial size. They also had a definite form.
“It’s Seedria!” Erwin exclaimed.
Rank 5 plant-type monster, Seedria. 
It’s small, cute, and makes adorable sounds, but it’s still a monster that earned the same rank as a troll.
[Beep, beep, beep…!]
Seeing the Seedria summoned, I knew it was the summoning ability, [Growing Seed].
What other skills does it have?
As I dealt with the seven summoned Seedria, I soon discovered its next ability.
Crack, thud-thud-thud! Thud-thud-thud-thud!
Magic orbs shot out like machine guns.
It’s the [Magic Volley] of the Rank 4 sea monster, Palpupra.
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-!
That dust-like spray seems to be [Enchanting Powder].
‘Overall, this is about a Rank 4 monster.’
I tried to see if there were any other hidden abilities, but it didn’t use any additional active skills.
To be honest, I still don’t know what its passive is.
But, I didn’t think it would be useful to prolong the fight, so I simply ended it.
Bang!
The moment I struck the side of the giant tree with my hammer with all my strength, it split in two.
“Did we get it?” Misha asked.
However, for some reason, the body didn’t dissolve into light.
What? Did it have a revival passive?
As I slowly approached, contemplating, a tiny creature emerged from the knot hole of the split tree.
[Gyu?]
It scurried out of the hole and started running away upon seeing us.
As a user of [Dungeon & Stone], I had an intuition.
“That’s the true body. Erwin, don’t let it escape!”
As soon as I gave the command, Erwin unleashed a fiery strike at the fleeing enemy.
Boom!
A burst of fire erupted, as if shot out of a cannon.
「You have defeated the Dormouse.」
Two things remained in the dust.
A magic stone, estimated to be around Rank 4.
And…
「No.9999 Beginner’s Luck has activated.」
An essence.
***
“What should we do with it?”
“What do you mean? It’s a new species of monster. Of course, we’re taking it to the laboratory,” I stated.
As soon as I gave the order, Erwin grabbed a vial and approached the essence, and I fell into deep thought.
“This one’s essence won’t be much use,” I said.
“Right… even if we don’t know what its manifested ability is, the ability itself wasn’t very powerful,” Misha added, echoing Amelia’s thoughts.
That was a bit unusual. Misha, who had never spoken to any of the other team members throughout the expedition, was now actively joining the conversation.
‘Is she finally starting to adapt?’
It wasn’t a proper conversation, but it was a positive change that she wasn’t just keeping her mouth shut anymore, unlike before. Of course, I didn’t want to say anything that would make the atmosphere strange.
So, I simply accepted it.
“It might not be as simple as that.”
“What do you mean?” Amelia asked.
“This kind of creature often has its own unique abilities.”
Parasitic entities often have different abilities depending on the host.
They either enhance the host’s abilities or even gain new abilities.
“We’ll have to check this one’s abilities at the library later.”
“What should we name it?”
“Does it even matter? They’ve probably already named it,” I said.
“Maybe not… I’ll call it Nanari.” Amelia said confidently.
“Alright, do what you want.”
Even if this wasn’t the case, I had a feeling a monster named ‘Nanari’ would eventually show up at some point.
“Hmm… Nanari is a good name, but… considering it summons Seedria and uses Palpupra’s abilities… why don’t we call it Seedpupra instead?”
“Stop it, Erwin.” I said, exasperated.
What is with this girl?
“This one is Nanari. We’ll keep calling it that until its official name is confirmed.” I asserted.
“Khm!” Amelia seemed to be quite happy about that.
‘Well, let’s settle the naming issue for now.’
After taking Nanari’s essence (temporary), we started to move again, slowly forming our exploration formation.
“This is a truly bizarre island,” Ayarin murmured.
We all agreed. The island was eerie.
The jungle itself was ordinary, and the darkness due to the lack of light was a common experience for explorers. 
But, was it just the details, I wonder?
“Ugh… I stepped on something else without knowing…”
As we walked through the bushes, we stepped on something every now and then.
Something squishy, like stepping on mud.
When we lifted the bushes and checked, there it was – a piece of flesh, a body part from some monster, but it was impossible to tell what it was.
“It makes me sick to my stomach. Why are there things like this on the ground?”
“Well, at least it doesn’t smell bad.”
That was just regarding the sense of smell, of course. 
Visually, it was grotesque enough to make even me uncomfortable. It was like someone put different types of monsters together and crushed them with a hydraulic press.
‘Why are there eyeballs sticking out like that?’
Anyways, those things were being discovered everywhere – on the ground and sometimes even on trees.
It was like we had entered an island ruled by a mad alchemist.
As we made our way, slowly searching and mapping the area, we suddenly heard a voice.
“Prepare for combat!”
A monster had ambushed us from the darkness – Diamond, the one we had information about.
「You have defeated Diamond.」
The battle itself wasn’t particularly difficult, but we prolonged it, disguised as a fight, for about 40 minutes for research.
And as a result, we were able to learn about Diamond’s manifested ability, its passive skill.
[Unholy One].
This was a skill where the maximum number of essences was reduced by one, but all active skills were enhanced by 1.5 times.
‘I thought its actives were all Rank 3.’
I didn’t expect its passive to be Rank 5.
I was a bit disappointed.
‘If it had a good passive, it could’ve been used as a graduation essence.’
After all, [Hellfire] was a skill with graduation essence performance, even if its other skills weren’t.
It was just that the original owner’s passive and stats were awful.
‘It’s good that new combinations are appearing, but finding the right combination is really difficult—’
“Hey, sir!”
Erwin called out urgently.
We hadn’t even had a chance to rest after the fight, and already another monster?
As I was about to get up, thinking that, I heard an important piece of additional information.
“It’s not a monster! It’s a human!” Erwin exclaimed.
“Human?”
“There are four of them. They’re running as fast as they can, like they’re escaping something.”
“They’re not coming this way. What should we do?”
What should we do?
“Let’s go. I’m curious what happened anyways. They arrived before us on this island, so they probably know a lot more than we do.”
Being seasoned explorers, we quickly packed up and formed our rushing formation. We had Erwin lead the way as we swiftly moved.
“We’re going to meet them soon!”
Erwin stopped, and soon, humans appeared beyond the bushes.
“Oh…!”
Their reactions were a mix of emotions as they ran with their breaths ragged.
“Yandel… Lord…?”
Confusion, wariness, surprise, joy, hope…
Countless fragments of emotion flashed by in an instant.
However, they seemed to be coming to their senses.
“W-we’re alive!”
“P-please help us!”
Those explorers, without even asking why we were here, threw down their weapons and charged at us.
They were the kind of people I hated the most.
Well, I understand they’re happy, but they need to do what needs to be done.
“What were you running from?”
“U-uh… m-monsters! The ones that live on this island!”
“Are they chasing you? I don’t sense any presence.”
“N-no, I don’t think so!”
“Then why were you running?”
“W-well, because we were captured by those monsters in their village and barely escaped. We thought they might be chasing us…”
“I see.”
We had all the information we needed to know for now, so I released his shoulder that I had been holding onto tightly.
“There seems to be no immediate monster threat, but stay vigilant.”
There was no need to waste energy, so we switched from combat stance to alert stance. Then, I offered the explorers some water.
As soon as they finished drinking, I bombarded them with questions.
There was something about their story that made me raise an eyebrow.
“Now that you’ve calmed down, tell me. What do you mean by ‘village’?”
“Exactly what it sounds like. It’s a village inhabited by the monsters on this island.”
“You mean there’s a colony?”
“It’s not like that. We’re not sure what to call it, but…”
The explorer looked dazed, clearly still trying to collect his thoughts.
A woman standing next to him stepped forward.
“Lord, those monsters were unlike any monsters we’ve ever seen before.”
“How so?”
“Firstly, they communicated with each other through a well-defined language system. The mage said it seemed to be an ancient language. Ah, ah! That’s not the most important part.”
She shook her head and continued, “The village we were taken to was truly massive. There were homes inhabited by countless monsters… And children and families in the streets.”
“…”
“They were like… native inhabitants of this place.”
Natives…
That was a rather intriguing story.