## The Last Sage's Legacy (516)
The Last Sage, Diflun Groundel Gavrilius. A great explorer and savior who erected a barrier to protect the city from the Witch's curse, and opened a dimensional gate connected to the Labyrinth to solve the problem of insufficient resources, becoming the first to enter the Labyrinth. Almost all of the achievements recorded on the top of the Stone of Honor can be considered his. He left an immense mark on the primordial Labyrinth, and people named something hidden within it, a hidden piece, ‘Gavrilius’s Arrangement’.
[The Last Sage Diflun Groundel Gavrilius and his companions defeated all the monsters in the Crystal Cave and opened the hidden area.]
His companions are also widely known, as he is a famous person whom children first learn about when studying history.
“…Did this guy just speak our language?”
“Yes? Yes… He… he did… ”
“No, more than that… He knows… Laphdonia?”
My companions were thrown into confusion, overhearing my conversation with Chief Brüngrid. Like the monsters who saw me speaking the Ancient Language, they were all thinking the same thing: how can a monster speak human language?  It was a similar expression I myself wore in the mirror. But…
[I am Brüngrid, Chief of this village.]
[You must be an explorer from Laphdonia.]
[How much time has passed outside?]
As the one who had to take responsibility for our entire group, I forced myself to regain my composure and organize my thoughts. What is this monster’s identity? There was actually only one thing that immediately came to mind.
“Knight of the Dragon, Cornelius Brüngrid.”
As I uttered the name, the Chief, who had been waiting silently, nodded his head.
“That is correct.”
Damn it, really? This monster-like appearance?
“You, you're Knight of the Dragon Brüngrid?!”
“…I can’t believe it.”
“Could it be a lie? A person from thousands of years ago… His appearance, and that he’s still alive…”
My companions buzzed, but Brüngrid didn't bother responding to their reactions. He just looked at me and asked.
“Tell me then. How much time has passed outside?”
There was a force in Chief Brüngrid’s soft, gentle voice that made me want to answer. However, I decided to ask one thing first.
“Before I answer, I need to ask first. Can I use this?”
Why should we trust each other in this situation where we’ve just met? Without a second thought, I took out ‘Twisted Trust’.
“A relic from the past… ”
“So, the answer?”
“You can use it. I would even welcome it.”
Okay, I see…
His readily agreeing to my request increased my trust, but I wasn't going to let my guard down.
Click.
Having received permission, I activated the item immediately. But, what is this?
“Let’s first check if it’s working properly. Can you tell me your name?”
“Cornelius Brüngrid.”
“….”
The item didn’t work. It wasn't because he was telling the truth, but simply because the item stopped every time he spoke. Just like when I spoke.
“…What is this?”
“I don’t know.”
As I was confused, Versil approached me and whispered softly.
“Maybe… It’s because he’s a monster?”
It was a plausible deduction. Even I had never used this item on a monster before. If it was only for judging humans, this was possible.
‘Or maybe it could be a similar case to mine.’
Just in case, I tried a verification spell with Versil’s help, but it still didn’t work.
“Looks like we’ll have to talk without it then.”
Ugh, what a waste of my usage count…
“Now, will you answer my question?”
“But, I have one more question.”
“Ask away.”
“If you are truly one of the Sage’s companions, why are you here, in this place, in this form?”
“That is…”
The Chief continued.
“I don’t know.”
“…What?”
“It was a normal day, just like any other. I was in the Labyrinth, and it closed as usual. But when I opened my eyes, I was not in the fortress, but here.  This horrible form was an extra bonus.”
“…What?”
“Why I opened my eyes here. Why I became like this. Where this place is and why I don’t die. I have thought about it alone for a long time, but the only answer I get is one.”
“….”
“I don’t know. Why I became like this.”
Chief Brüngrid’s voice held no sadness, nor anger. It felt like his emotions were entirely worn out.
“I know it might not be satisfactory for you, but did it answer your question?”
“For now.”
Having received an answer, it was only fair for me to answer his question as well.
“…The kingdom is now in the 157th year of the New Dawn.”
“New Dawn…?”
“It means it has been 157 years since the Immortal King died and a new king ascended the throne. Thousands of years have passed since the Witch’s curse enveloped the world.”
“Thousands of years… I see.”
Surprisingly, Brüngrid’s reaction was calm. He was like a deflated balloon, drained of all air. There was no fear of bursting, nor worry that it would fly off and crash somewhere.
‘Anyways, is it my turn again?’
We didn’t have an official agreement on this, but no one has ever complained about this way of speaking.
‘This time, I’ll use this one.’
Since I’m not guaranteed unlimited question usage, I carefully chose my question.
“What are the identities of those monsters who look like you?”
It was the first question that came to mind after hearing Brüngrid’s story. If he suddenly woke up in this place, in this form, what are the creatures who look exactly like him?
“They were the ones who were living on this island before me. They could be called natives. I don’t know why, but when I opened my eyes, I was already considered one of them.”
As he finished speaking, Versil was about to say something, but I quickly stopped her.
“Yandell… Could they be—?”
“Versil.”
“Ah… ”
Yeah, there’s no need to give unnecessary information. Not when we still don’t know if we can trust this guy.
As if realizing her mistake, Versil tightly shut her mouth, and looked at Brüngrid again.
‘Evil Spirits.’
That’s what Versil was about to say. Perhaps Brüngrid was not just changed in appearance, but possessed by this monster’s body.
The reason?
I don’t know yet.
There are so many secrets in this world.
“So?”
“I believe, they might have been in a similar situation as me. However, unlike me, they had lost their reason. They were intelligent, but lacked learning. In their early days, they were nothing but savage beasts.”
“Now, they call themselves humans.”
“Unlike them, I neither age nor die. That alone was enough to make me a godlike being among them. That is how I became the Chief. I taught them many things, much knowledge. This island is a harsh environment to survive alone. You’ll soon find out.”
“But, why did you teach them the Ancient Language?”
“In this form, the Ancient Language is easier to learn, and it suits their oral structure.”
Well, if that’s the case, I have nothing to say.
Although calling their race ‘human’ seems quite twisted.
“Now, can I ask a question?”
“Yes.”
I readily relinquished my turn to the Chief, but increased my focus.
The reason was simple.
‘Don’t think that you can underestimate a Barbarian.’
If he’s going to lie, don’t get caught.
***
Cornelius Brüngrid.
I’m not sure if this guy is really one of the heroes of the past.
[I don’t know. Why I became like this.]
His statement about not knowing the reason is also questionable.  Maybe that’s the truth, maybe it’s a lie. 
One thing is certain.
[Thousands of years… I see.]
His claim of not knowing the time outside is bullshit. He already brought explorers back to his village, didn’t he?  He could have easily found out if he asked them.
‘He speaks Laphdonian, so it’s not like he couldn’t communicate with them.’
But he came out of his village to meet me.
Why?
He could have easily gotten this information without our help.
Thinking carefully, his warriors’ reaction before his appearance was also strange.
[Monster, how can you use our language?]
The monsters, who were trying to save the village child, invited me to the village after I started speaking the Ancient Language.
‘Could… there be a clue in the Ancient Language?’
As my thoughts went that far, Brüngrid spoke.
“Do you know how to get out of here?”
“No.”
“How did you get here then?”
“The inscription on the Stone of Honor said that a hidden area had opened, and I found the entrance while exploring. I came down from the first floor.”
We both had a lot of questions, so we quickly exchanged them.
“Why did you kill the explorers who came here?”
“It wasn’t my decision. The village warriors were the ones who found them. They were scared, seeing unfamiliar intruders. They must have panicked.”
“I see. Your turn.”
“What is beyond this island?”
“…Don’t you know?”
“The trees here don’t float on water.”
Really?  That’s new information.
“You’ve had your fill of curiosity. Now, will you tell me what is beyond that sea?”
“We haven’t been here long, so we don’t know much. The rocky island where we started, and one more island about five hours from here. That’s all.”
“I see… Thanks for letting me know. Now, it’s your turn.”
My turn came back so fast.  I was worried that I might be meddling in something, but decided to ask anyway.
“Why didn’t you ask the explorers you captured, but came all the way here to find me?”
“Because the rainy season will begin in three days.”
“…Rainy season?”
Now that I think about it, the little monster mentioned something about the rainy season.
“What does it have to do with anything?”
“I don’t have the energy to do anything else because I’m preparing for the rainy season. I planned to talk to the ones I captured after everything was done.”
In other words, he was too busy.
Honestly, it sounds like an excuse. It only makes him look more suspicious.
“You’re saying you sacrificed that precious time to meet me. Instead of the many explorers you captured.”
I asked, clearly expressing my suspicion, and Brüngrid stared at me.
“You are… quite aggressive, aren’t you?”
“That’s the natural reaction of an explorer.”
“Perhaps. But it would be better to show more courtesy to your savior. The reason I rushed to finish the rainy season preparations and came here was because I was worried about you lot dying in vain.”
“What? My savior?”
As I repeated in disbelief, Brüngrid spoke in a voice devoid of any emotional fluctuation.
“I know you wouldn’t believe me now. We will meet again in three days.  Let’s talk then.”
“Three days…?”
I questioned, but Brüngrid didn’t respond.
“It would be hard to believe even if I told you to come to the village right now.”
True.
But what will change if we meet again in three days?
“Try not to leave this island. Or, I would recommend you stay near this place. If you take too long, I’ll have no choice but to close the village entrance. Ah, I’ll keep the entrance open.  Feel free to visit anytime you change your mind.”
“…?”
“You can keep Maru-pichi-chi until then.”
Then, Brüngrid turned and disappeared with his warriors down the hidden path beneath the tree roots. I couldn't stop him, not knowing his intentions.
“He’s gone…”
“Yandell, what do we do now?”
I don’t know.
I wanted to whine, but it was only for a short moment. I quickly regained my composure and carried on with what I had to do. Ah, it was obvious.
[Maru-pichi-chi, what exactly is the rainy season?]
First, I asked the little monster everything I could, including about the rainy season. Then, I hunted monsters around the island, staying within its central region.
And so time passed.
One day, two days…
Click.
The promised three days passed as the seconds ticked by.
[00:00]
It started to rain on the island.
Kwa-ang-!
A sight I had never witnessed in my life.
[Kireuk, kireuk, kireuk!]
[Geur-reureureu…!]
[Kwa-a-a-a-a-ang!!]
Rain made of monsters. 