## Chapter 517: Natives (5)
I couldn’t tell how far we’d fallen, shrouded as we were by the labyrinth’s darkness. But…
Nineth-grade, eighth-grade, seventh-grade…
The lower-grade monsters, raining down from the sky, instantly died on impact with the ground, vanishing into a radiant light. It was a grotesquely beautiful spectacle.
*Crack-crack. Boom-*
Surely there should have been blood and flesh splattering everywhere, along with the agonizing screams of beasts.
*Swoosh-*
Had I ever seen such a dazzling light before?
“Yandell! Snap out of it!”
For a moment, I was mesmerized by the scene, but I quickly regained my senses and scanned the surroundings.
*Boom-*
With each monster’s head smashing against the barrier, the translucent veil trembled violently, and crimson stains trickled down its surface.
Furthermore…
Sixth-grade, fifth-grade…
Unlike the lower-grade monsters, these, which could be rightfully called beasts, continued to move even after being mangled.
Of course, there were considerable variations between individuals. Even amongst those of the same grade, some were half-dead, while others were perfectly fine depending on characteristics like their body size, sturdiness, or regenerative abilities.
Like this one.
[*Roarrr!!*]
The creatures, like the monsters they were, lunged towards us beyond the barrier the moment they spotted us. But the real problem lay elsewhere.
“Um… Bjorn? Is that a new species? That one too…?”
Unknown monsters were mixed in with the familiar ones.
It was hard to say for sure if they were new species. Every single one possessed extraordinary individuality, too distinct to be considered mere variants.
“The strange corpses that filled the island… they were probably these creatures.”
Bersil’s conjecture mirrored my own. Those with exaggerated individuality, all of them, remained as corpses even after death, never disappearing.
The issue was that some had survived…
“Um… th, they’re coming…!”
A monstrous form, its body extending over ten meters, so vast its shoulders were out of sight, turned towards us.
“That… ”
“What is that…?”
No words were needed, our thoughts were unified.
*Boom— Boom— Boom—*
Something out of an apocalyptic tale.
Even the little monster, Marupichichi, started to shake in my arms.
[*Let’s go back to the village, now! It’s said that stronger monsters will appear if we stay any longer!*]
Truthfully, while it held back its words out of respect for me, our other companions felt the same. Four-grade monsters had started appearing from time to time recently, and…
*Boom-*
That giant hatchling, which had been watching us from afar, started to move.
I hadn’t fought it, but it was evident. If it came, Bersil’s barrier wouldn’t hold.
“…We’re returning to the village.”
We’d had enough of watching the rain.
***
We entered the large rift beneath the tree, and the surroundings opened up, revealing the village in its entirety.
Everyone, myself included, was speechless.
“Oh… wow.”
The grass was soft and moist.
A brilliant white light, like sunlight, gently illuminated the area.
Stone buildings exuded an undeniable sense of civilization…
“This is… the monsters’ village……?”
“Our, our holy site is like this!”
Ainar suddenly blurted out, but to be honest, I think this place is better than our holy site. We’re still in the middle of development, and 99% of it is still a shack town.
‘I couldn’t imagine it would be like this.’
From Marupichichi, I had learned that this place differed from typical underground cities. But I hadn’t expected this, making the shock substantial. It felt like I’d fallen down the rabbit hole and landed in Wonderland.
“You’re here.”
The village chief, as if he had been expecting our arrival, stood before us, ready to greet us.
“Do you believe me now? About being a lifesaver, I mean.”
That casual tone, as if this were someone else’s business, was a little infuriating, but I decided to acknowledge the truth.
“To some extent.”
This guy saved us.
Of course, there was also the possibility that he’d obtained information about ‘the rain’ through Marupichichi…
‘But I don’t even know if this ‘rain’ affects the whole layer, or if it’s just an event that occurs on this island.’
If it were the former, then being a lifesaver wouldn’t be entirely wrong. If we hadn’t been able to enter this village, we might’ve been facing life or death at this very moment.
“Let’s discuss inside. I’ll show you around our village.”
The village chief then walked towards the village, and we followed at a leisurely pace. There’s no point in backing down now that we’re here.
“I never imagined that I’d ever willingly step into the lair of monsters… ”
“Don’t worry! I’ll protect you! They didn’t seem that strong to me anyway!”
“Mr. Fnellin! Lower your voice! Everyone can hear you. It’s fine for other monsters, but this person understands our language…!”
“Ha-ha! The village chief is one of the ancient heroes! It’s all good!”
“Bu, but still… ”
Bersil trailed off, glancing nervously, but the village chief, without any reaction, continued towards the village.
He must’ve heard us from this distance.
It seemed he was simply uninterested in such matters.
“…Erwen, you don’t have to stick so close.”
“But there might be a dangerous situation. I need to be ready to protect you.”
“……As you wish.”
Erwen, still vigilant, remained by my side, while Amelia seemed more interested in the village itself. I thought she was embracing the ‘enjoy it while you can’ mentality, but I was mistaken.
“There are certainly many differences from human cities.”
“What kind of differences?”
“Don’t bother me. I’m concentrating on memorizing the layout.”
“…Memorizing the layout?”
“Knowing your surroundings can make a big difference if you need to escape. If that happens, stick close to me and follow.”
Oh… she wasn’t enjoying it.
Leaving the others to their concerns, I focused on my task. I wasn’t sure if he did it intentionally, but that old man only spoke to me.
“That’s the forge. I’m not very familiar with that field, so it took a lot of effort to develop metallurgy to this level.”
“Amazing. But where do you get your ore?”
“We melt down whatever washes ashore during the rain, or we go around the island collecting resources when the rain stops. The rain isn’t just monsters falling from the sky.”
“Really? I didn’t know that.”
“You probably didn’t see it. It takes three days for those things to start falling.”
“I see.”
I continued to listen to the village chief’s explanation, asking questions whenever possible, acquiring more information.
Before I knew it, we were at our destination.
“This is my house.”
“It’s spacious, but… less luxurious than I expected?”
“What’s the point of amassing wealth and glory in this place?”
From his casual remarks, the kind of person the village chief was gradually became clear.
In a way, he was similar to Baekho. He spoke in a gentle tone, devoid of emotion, but beneath the surface, there was a sense of malicious intent, as if he could do anything as long as he escaped this place.
“…Where are the explorers you captured? Still in prison?”
“Nonsense. Come in. Everyone’s waiting inside.”
As we entered the village chief’s home, we were reunited with the seven explorers from the Silver Lion clan who had been kidnapped.
They said they were going to die, and they really did die.
“…Yandell Baron!”
The Silver Lion clan leader, looking thinner than before.
He looked at me with a mixture of affection and urgency, but when he saw his comrades, he quickly rushed towards them, embracing the moment of reunion.
“Marina…! How dare you run away and leave us?!”
“No, it’s not like that… ”
“Chen! You too! Would you really abandon your brother who’s here?! Are you even human?!”
“I, I didn’t run away! I, I went to get help!”
“Krian! You ungrateful wretch! You forget the kindness you’ve received…!”
“…….”
I understood the clan leader’s feelings. It was a funny scene to watch.
But…
‘How long are you going to keep holding things up?’
Just as I was about to step in and clear the air, the village chief spoke.
“Enough.”
“Y, yes… I apologize. Sir Brüngrid.”
The clan leader, at the village chief’s word, straightened up like a new employee.
But one thing caught my ear.
“…Sir?”
“Uh… didn’t Baron hear? This person is a dragon knight, one of the Great Sage’s companions…”
“Stop. No need for explanations. I know.”
“Re, really?”
“I’m curious about something else. You… seem rather cheerful despite the loss of your comrades.”
I was being roundabout, but what I meant was ‘You’re the leader of the monsters who killed your comrades, so why are you acting this way?’
Fortunately, even the clan leader was human, and he understood.
“We’ve heard about Brüngrid’s circumstances, and… it was an accident. It’s more accurate to say that Brüngrid saved us. He even punished those monsters who killed my comrades.”
Punishment…
That’s ridiculous.
Especially how he could just grin and move on after his comrades died.
‘…It’s none of my business.’
Whether he had a knife hidden behind his smile or was truly an idiot didn’t matter.
All I needed to do was protect my people.
“Now that the greetings are over, can we talk?”
With that in mind, I turned my attention to the village chief, ignoring the clan leader. Seeing how he’d gathered everyone, he definitely had something to say…
‘What’s his motive here?’
As everyone watched silently, the village chief slowly spoke.
“I have a request for all of you.”
“……A request?”
“Let me make it clear. It’s not a coercive request. In fact, I’m confident that it’s a mutually beneficial one.”
Well, we’ll have to see about that.
“Speak.”
“I will provide all the support you need for your exploration of this place. In return, I ask that you share with me everything you learn during your exploration.”
The request, coming from the village chief, felt like a real quest.
***
Sharing the fruits of exploration.
If the stories the village chief told me were true, then it’s a reasonable request.
If, that is, they’re true.
“Why are you asking us to do this instead of exploring yourself?”
“Well…”
“Ah, don’t tell me it’s because the trees on this island don’t float on water. You said it yourself, didn’t you? That resources come from both the sky and the sea.”
In truth, I had encountered countless wooden objects floating on the water during my travels.
So what would the village chief’s response be to that?
“Seeing is believing. If you have any wood you acquired on your way here, give it to me. Any kind will do.”
The village chief spoke in his usual gentle tone, and I immediately turned to Bersil, telling him to take out any floating objects we’d found.
And…
*Swoosh-*
The moment the village chief touched the wooden wardrobe…
*Fizzle-*
The wardrobe instantly lost its vitality, turning to dust and dispersing into the air.
“What, what did you do?”
“Nothing. I simply touched it.”
“But why did the wardrobe… ”
“It’s my innate ability. Anything made of wood crumbles when I touch it. Even thick gloves will eventually crumble.”
What kind of nonsense is this…
The words rose to my throat, but I didn’t utter them.
Suddenly, a thought occurred to me.
‘Come to think of it… were there any wooden things on our way here?’
…No.
The buildings were all stone.
The archers all used bows and arrows made of horns and sinews.
They didn’t eat, so they wouldn’t need fire.
Is the grass that’s on the ground not considered wood?
‘Even in the forge, they were all using something like skills to create fire… They weren’t using firewood.’
The only connection was that the entrance to the village was situated amongst tree roots…
“Just so you know, living trees rooted in the ground are excluded.”
Ah, I really can’t tell if he’s lying.
So, I decided to ask him about this first.
“Then why didn’t you tell me that before?”
“It’s foolish to share information that could potentially be a weakness with a stranger. Especially with no guarantee that you won’t turn against us.”
“Um… ”
Well, that’s certainly true.
“I understand.”
“You’re surprisingly quick to accept things like this?”
“I’m an explorer.”
At my words, the village chief nodded as if he understood.
“Right, you’re an explorer.”
Explorers don’t waste their energy on frivolous things.
***
To put it simply, the quest the village chief gave us was unanimously accepted.
It’s not like we had any reason to refuse, right?
‘We should definitely accept it when they offer support.’
If the situation goes south, we can just press the quest-abandon button and run.
If we can’t escape, then we just have to keep our promise.
‘We’ll have to stay in this village for a week, whether we like it or not.’
According to the village chief, ‘the rain’ lasts exactly seven days.
Perhaps that’s why he offered us empty houses to live in during that time and granted us free access to the village.
“Whew… ”
That’s why I’m alone right now.
Amelia and Bersil are leading the investigation of the village.
Oh, I’m not part of either of them.
Ancient language, Raphdonian language, Korean language, English language. A top-tier talent like me, who can speak four languages, has his own task.
*Swoosh-*
It’s to read books.
‘It’s a bit tough trying to read after all this time… ’
That old man, maybe he got tired of me asking him about every little thing, so he just gave me his study. Oh, by the way, all the books in his study were written by him.
Is writing books his only hobby?
I wasn’t sure if his claim about not being able to use wood was true, but the books were all made of monster leather…
*Thwack—*
Focus, focus.
I slapped myself on the cheek, hard enough to snap out of my daze, then sat upright at the stone desk.
And I continued reading the leather-bound book.
[Monster Compendium]
I wasn’t sure if it was a coincidence, but the title was similar to the series that held a special place in my heart.
The content of this book, which the village chief implored me to handle with utmost care, was incredibly comprehensive.
A guidebook in its own right, I’d say.
From the moment he awoke on this island, the village chief had documented everything he learned by fighting and observing the monsters he encountered.
It wasn’t as high-quality or accurate as the books in the library I visited a while back, but…
‘This has monsters they don’t have there.’
I keep repeating the information, thinking of these tears caused by a yawn as the blood of the future.
My body is tired, so sleep is calling.
The content was so interesting that reading itself was enjoyable—
“Huh?”
This one is familiar.
The giant over ten meters tall I encountered when the rain started.
“Its name is… Hipramajt?”
Tsk tsk, what a terrible sense of naming.
It sounds alright in Ancient Language, but if you translate it, it just means ‘huge giant’…
[After the rain ended, a patrol team collecting magic stones first discovered it near the coast. Half of the thirty elite warriors in the patrol team died. Estimated grade: 2.]
Two-grade…
I’d gotten a general sense from its size, but it was no ordinary creature.
‘It’s a good thing we descended to the village before we had to face it.’
As I contemplated that, I continued reading the remaining text.
“…Huh?”
I froze, still holding the book.
[According to the surviving elite warriors, the monster grew even larger immediately after the battle started. Judging by the difference between its original size and its enlarged size…]
[Hipramajt’s innate ability is presumed to be the Orc Hero’s [Giant Growth].]
…I’ve found a new target.