## Chapter 519: One-on-One (2)
They say time heals all wounds. It means that no matter how difficult things are, they will get better with time. So, in that sense…
One, two, three.
I counted to three in my head before opening my eyes again.  The brief lapse of time had restored my composure, but sadly, the sight before me remained unchanged. 
A single bed. 
A computer perched on a desk.
The open door revealing the living room and kitchen beyond.
There was no doubt – this was Lee Han-soo’s room. 
The very place I was brought to every 15th of the month at midnight, ever since I took the pill that fateful day. 
‘Am I… dreaming?’
The thought crossed my mind, but I quickly dismissed it.  
For reasons unknown, this had happened.  Therefore, the current task wasn’t denial, but to identify the cause and find a solution. 
“Why am I here?”
I mumbled to myself, pondering the situation as I scribbled down notes on a piece of paper. 
The time in the Labyrinth was different from the time in the city. 
No matter how many days I spent in the Labyrinth, only 36 hours would pass in the city. 
That’s why, even after exploring the Labyrinth for over two months, I’d never been summoned to the Community before.  But…
“I’m here now, after all.”
I pushed aside the question of whether this was realistically possible and continued my contemplation.  The answer was clear. 
No matter how nonsensical it seemed. 
How could the Community open while I was exploring the Labyrinth?  An impossible outcome always has an equally impossible cause behind it.
“Time… is still passing outside.”
If that were true, it would explain why I was in this Community, inside the Labyrinth.
“Damn it.”
Once I had a grasp on the situation, my vague sense of unease dissipated. In its place, concrete, real-world problems surfaced. 
Would I be trapped here forever? 
If the Labyrinth was truly closed outside, and they thought I was dead…
How would I handle the aftermath? 
“Ugh…”
This was maddening. 
Simply thinking wouldn’t solve anything. I walked over to the computer and moved the mouse.
[대한독립만세] - 2 members online.
Baekho and Hyeonbyeol were already in the chatroom.
Although I’d been late due to contemplation, I checked the Free Board first before joining. 
There were a plethora of posts about me, even without searching. 
Click.
I clicked on the most commented post. The original text expanded, revealing a sea of comments below. 
[Is the Giant really dead?]
Is he playing dead with the Royal Family again?
[BurtusMaximus: It seems like it’s for real this time. Someone saw him open a portal in the first floor and go into a hidden area.]
[└The Poster: Really?  How is that even possible?]
[BurtusMaximus: Apparently, Yandell opened the portal, and the others with him followed. The portal closed mid-way, leaving them stranded.]
[└The Poster: Thanks for the info. But is it okay to say that here?]
[BurtusMaximus: Everyone who needs to know already knows.]
[└Nyacreeps: Only one out of the stranded explorers returned alive. He’s the ultimate lucky one, for sure. He didn’t follow Yandell, and even managed to return alive from the first floor where Verzak is.]
So, it really happened. I’d expected this, but…
The Community was the only window into the outside world. I continued reading the posts. 
The players’ responses were diverse.
[Must-read: Three pieces of evidence proving Bjorn Yandell is alive.]
[Futuralis: Where’s the content?]
[└NExtlevEL: Are you slow? It’s the fact that he’s not alive.]
[└Futuralis: Not alive, what?]
[└NExtlevEL: Your brain.]
Some simply made jokes or quips, trying to trivialize the situation. Others spun rumors, claiming to have specific proof. 
And…
[Friends, I’m sharing how to open the portal.]
Everyone knows a new stele appeared in the Dark Zone of the Crystal Cave. Bjorn Yandell opened that and entered, then met with misfortune.  
So, the question is, what’s the condition for opening the portal?
The answer, in my opinion, is most likely on the 3rd floor. There were quite a few explorers who saw Bjorn Yandell on the 3rd floor this round. 
Oh, so even this has been leaked already. 
[these99: If that’s true, it makes sense. He went up to the 3rd floor, then came down to the 1st floor and opened the portal.]
[ionboii: Tsk, tsk, look at that level of attention-seeking. He’s sharing, but only throwing out random guesses.]
[└EdwardBless77: It seems like this isn’t just a rumor. There were quite a few people who saw him on the 2nd floor as well.]
[└AI_DIDIGO: Information 1: Bjorn Yandell descended to the 1st floor on day 7 and immediately opened the portal in the Crystal Cave.]
It said the 3rd floor, but, judging by this, our entire route from this round has been leaked, basically… 
[└EdwardBless77: Do you have Information 2 for us today, DIDIGO?]
[└AI_DIDIGO: Information 2: A total of 60 people entered the opened portal before it closed. It is estimated that the hidden area can only hold 60 people.]
Those who weren’t even there know all the details about our situation.
‘So, it seems like everyone knows… ’
Should I stop lurking and go to the chatroom with Baekho and Hyeonbyeol?  I was just about to do so when I noticed a post.
[I’m an explorer who entered the hidden area with Bjorn Yandell.]
…Who is this?
***
[I’m one of the 60 people you’re talking about.]
[I can’t reveal my real name, but everything I’m about to say is true. Please don’t take it as a joke.]
[We are currently on the first floor, in a place called the Records Archive.]
[This level is very unique….]
Who wrote this?
Bersil was the first candidate that came to mind.  
But thinking about it for a second, it couldn’t be her. It was just that Bersil was the only player I knew well.
‘It wouldn’t be strange to have another one out of 60.’
As I continued reading, the list of suspects narrowed. The details the author included to gain trust revealed some of their background.
[We explored independently after separating from Bjorn Yandell….]
It wasn’t the Silver Lion Clan or their team members. The only remaining candidates were the ones I met at the Library Island.
[Of course, we don’t know where Bjorn Yandell is right now. This is because monsters suddenly poured down from the sky, forcing us to stop exploring and isolating us.]
This gave me a new piece of information.
‘The ‘Rainy Season’ happens throughout the entire level, not just on that island.’
I wonder how they survived that event. 
Do monsters not enter the library?
[We are currently trapped on an island. It’s not just the monsters covering the island, but our ship was damaged, making escape impossible. We had no choice but to endure until the Labyrinth closed, but….]
[After waking up here today, I realized that might not be possible. This is why I’m posting this, revealing our valuable exploration results publicly.]
[To anyone who wants to enter this place, or those who have future exploration plans, I beg you. If you happen to come here, please come to the island where we are and rescue us. We will reward you with the information we discovered, as well as other things.]
[The island we are on is….]
The writer then revealed the course to sail from the Rock Island to the island they were on. 
I wasn’t an expert in navigation, but the path was complex and time-consuming. It seemed unlikely to be the Library Island. 
[Also, if you happen to encounter Baron Yandell, whether he escaped and is in the city, or is still trapped here, please tell him…]
[That we are waiting for him here….]
That was the end of the lengthy post. 
I was trying to figure out who wrote it exactly, when I remembered how the Clan Leader of the Hects Clan had expressed a sense of unease to me.
[As expected… Baron Yandell has not found a way out either.]
Human intuition is truly terrifying.
I never thought I would actually end up in this kind of situation.
I felt strange, but I started reading the comments one by one.
[Darulus: What, is this for real?]
[rafał: I scrolled through the 60 people. You guys, get ready.]
[MarkG: There aren’t any idiots who believe this, right?]
[Paweł: With that kind of effort, he should’ve done something else….]
Most of the comments dismissed it as just attention-seeking, but not everyone.
[TheRobson75: But it’s weird how he’s added these details. Is it true that time flows in that place even if the Labyrinth closes?]
Many were skeptical, but a fair amount of people decided to believe the post.
[Bling0_0: I have a feeling this is true. I can’t imagine him dying. This scenario makes more sense….]
[└AI_DIDIGO: Information 1: I can’t see any patterns of deception in this post.]
[└EdwardBless77: So what’s the conclusion?]
[└AI_DIDIGO: Conclusion: There is a 72.8811% possibility that the contents of this post are true.]
[└Pnec: Bullshit. He deserved it, the Barbarian bastard.]
[└Bling0_0: Ugh, this guy’s back again.]
[└Pnec: Who are you?  I don’t know you?]
[└Bling0_0: You don’t know me? It seems like your brain is only 3kb in size, on top of your short height.]
[└Pnec: Oh, I remember. You’re that trash bastard, lol.]
[└Bling0_0: You’ll forget again in 3 seconds, anyway. What’s the point of remembering?]
Why are these guys fighting here?
‘There are a lot of people with nothing to do.’
I continued reading the comments, but for some reason, the author didn’t respond to any of them. 
Perhaps they thought it would be a lie if they responded?
I didn’t know, but it had already been almost 30 minutes since the Community opened. I closed the Free Board and headed towards the chatroom.
[대한독립만세] - 2 members online.
Thankfully, both Baekho and Hyeonbyeol were still in the chatroom.
Click, click.
I quickly entered the chatroom, feeling bad for making them wait. I saw Hyeonbyeol and Lee Baekho facing each other, a few steps apart. 
They were arguing in serious tones, and… 
“Oh, Hyung! You’re here!”
“…Huh?”
They both turned to me at the sound of my arrival.
“…Oh, Oppa?”
“Sorry for being late. What were you two talking about so seriously?”
“Th, that… ”
Hyeonbyeol was taken aback by my question. 
Lee Baekho jumped in, with a sly tone.
“She kept asking if you were Bjorn Yandell, you know?”
“What?”
“I just said no because she kept insisting. But she wouldn’t stop.  Why did you ask if you didn’t even believe me?”
“Hyeonbyeol, is it true?”
“…Do you believe him, Oppa?”
So, it’s true. 
She could’ve just said no, but she’s saying all this.
I felt a chill down my spine.
‘She wouldn’t have gone this far unless she already knew something about my identity.’
This was a bit sudden, but a crisis well-utilized can be an opportunity.
“Anyway, why do you think I’m Bjorn Yandell?”
Since Bjorn Yandell is rumored to be dead outside, Hyeonbyeol would be more likely to answer honestly, thinking she was wrong.
“…Do you really believe him, Oppa?”
“I won’t get angry. Just tell me.”
I said it in a way that made it clear that arguing wouldn’t get her anywhere. Finally, Hyeonbyeol relented and spoke.
In a voice so small it was barely audible.
“I wasn’t… sure.”
“But?”
“…I know exactly when you arrived here.”
“Continue.”
“Out of all the explorers who arrived around that time, there wasn’t anyone as outstanding as Bjorn Yandell.  The only one who comes close is Blood-Spirit Empress, but… she’s a woman.”
Ah, so she thought I was Bjorn Yandell all along.
“…Oppa, you talk about the game with me a lot. You’re always saying how Barbarian Shield is the best, and stuff like that.”
“You remember that…?”
“Of course. You said it.”
Hyeonbyeol answered confidently, as if I were asking her something obvious.
I was speechless, and Baekho whistled from beside me.
“Wow, Hyeonbyeol Nuna is amazing. Hyung, think about it again. If I were you, I wouldn’t let go of a sister-in-law like this —”
“Shut up. Please, for the love of god.”
I agree with that part.
Does this Baekho kid have a death wish or something? I glared at him, and he shrugged and closed his mouth.
“….”
“….”
The atmosphere was awkward thanks to Baekho’s antics.  Hyeonbyeol avoided my gaze and continued.
“Anyway, that’s why… I thought you were Bjorn Yandell. But… they said you were dead…”
“….”
“And… no matter how long I wait, you don’t show up here. That’s why I was a bit excited and kept asking.  He already knows your identity…”
Ah…
“So, why were you so late today?  I was so worried!”
Hyeonbyeol tried to change the subject, and without realizing it, I apologized.
“Sorry.”
“I didn’t ask for an apology, I asked for an explanation.”
“I was going to come in right away, but there were some interesting posts on the Free Board. I got caught up reading them.”
“Huh? Interesting posts? Hyung, what are they about?”
Baekho was interested too, and I told him everything honestly. It wasn’t information that would be hard to find if I went outside and looked at the Free Board anyway.
“You’re saying the Labyrinth and the city’s time flow simultaneously?”
“Yeah, apparently.”
“Wait a minute! So, that means Bjorn Yandell could still be alive?”
“Yeah, right?”
I answered nonchalantly, and Hyeonbyeol glared at me with a fire in her eyes.
She didn’t say anything, but I could hear her voice.
‘What are you saying like it’s someone else’s problem! That means you’re still a possibility for being Bjorn Yandell!’
That’s the vibe, right?
I met her gaze without flinching and smiled confidently. Baekho exclaimed in admiration.
“Wow, you need to be mysterious like Hyung to hold onto your girlfriend! I admire you, Hyung!”
What is he talking about?  He has more secrets than I do.
I was speechless from his straightforward remark.
“It’s a shame.”
“….”
“I wish I were as smart as Hyung.”
The atmosphere grew heavy… 