## The Unexpected Departure (520)
I was a little surprised by Baekho's sudden mumbling, but the heavy silence it caused didn't last long. Baekho quickly regained his usual cheerful energy, and I followed suit, choosing not to dwell on his words.  However, I couldn't help but wonder internally:  'What would he be like?'
I now knew something about Baekho's past.  A few years before I opened my eyes in this world, he had been betrayed by his own companions, leading to his current state.  He was a man who had meticulously followed the traditional path of the Labyrinth, only to find himself alone after his team disbanded, forced to navigate the treacherous paths on his own.  His deep-seated distrust of humans was a side effect. 
'Well, from a local's perspective, calling it a betrayal might be a little funny...'
But what if he hadn't been betrayed back then? What would Baekho be like now? 
"Huh? Why are you staring at me like that, Hyung? Did I do something wrong again?" 
"I was just looking. Did you do anything wrong? Why are you so flustered?"
"Come on, Hyung! You're being silly. How could I have done anything wrong? Haha."
"..."
"Anyway, Hyung, can we talk for a bit, just the two of us?" 
Baekho glanced at Hyeonbyeol as he spoke. Hyeonbyeol sighed, her gaze meeting his. 
"You two aren't even dating."
"Haha, are you jealous, Noona?"
"..."I'll come back later."
As always, Hyeonbyeol left the room without any significant fuss. 
This was rather surprising.  Come to think of it, she doesn't really object when I use terms like "Noona" or "Sister" anymore. Has she finally realized that nothing changes, no matter how much she complains?
"Hee hee, just you and me now, Hyung. Now that the interloper is gone, we can have some quality time together—."
"I'll kill you. Don't you dare try anything like that."
"Yes, sir."
"So, what's so urgent? You sent Hyeonbyeol out first."
"Oh, that?  Well, it wasn't really urgent…."
"Then what is it?"
We were both standing, and the silence was getting a little awkward. I leaned back on the sofa, resting my chin on my hand. Baekho followed suit and sat down across from me. 
"Hyung, are you really trapped in the Labyrinth?"
"Yeah."
"It's amazing that the Labyrinth can be sustained even after it's closed. Have you found a way out?"
"Not yet."
"Hmm, this is a big problem if you think about it. Hyung, how about it? I'll come and save you!"
"What are you going to save me for? Just do your own thing."
"Hee hee, I knew you'd say that, Hyung.  Actually, I can't go anyway."
"Are you outside right now?"
"Yeah. I thought there would be some amazing discoveries everywhere once I got outside, but I haven't even seen a rat.  I should've just stayed and looked for hidden areas."
"I was curious about this, but why did you come outside in the first place?"
"I didn't expect to find those hidden areas so quickly."
So that was it.  It felt a little odd that Baekho, who was more interested in the Labyrinth than anyone else, would leave the kingdom during this time.
"Hyung, tell me about it. Give me some information."
"Just like that?"
"Come on… You must be curious about the stories from outside the walls. Let's share what we know."
"I told you there's not even a single rat outside."
"How long will that last? My gut feeling tells me there's a huge secret hidden out there!"
Baekho's words sounded like he was selling me something, but deep down, I agreed with him.  There's something hidden beyond the walls.  I still don't have a clue what it is, but...
"Alright, deal."
"You're so cool, Hyung!"
I shared information about the first floor of the Labyrinth.  The mutated monsters and new species.  The summoning books in the library that contained information like an encyclopedia.  The floating debris in the sea, and so on.
However, I didn't mention the village elder.  I didn't feel any guilt or remorse.  We had a deal, but I hadn't received anything from him yet. And anyway, he wouldn't tell me everything he discovered outside the walls.
'Well, maybe if I talk to him about the village elder, I might learn something new...'
Ugh, this Baekho, why can't I trust him?  It feels like if I reveal everything and collaborate with him, he'll eventually stab me in the back.  But he's too valuable a card to discard.
"Alright, that's it for now."
"Huh? We were just getting to the good part. What about the tree island? I was really interested in that."
"I'm currently exploring it. I was taking a break, and then I got dragged here.  I was so surprised, you know?"
He probably heard about me from Hyeonbyeol, since he's outside.  He doesn't seem to read the bulletin board much either.
"Hyung, I'm going now."
"What? We still have a lot of time."
"I know, but it would be better if I left today."
"What do you mean?"
I genuinely didn't understand, so I asked. Baekho grinned at me.
"I'm going to spend time with Hyeonbyeol Noona today. You might try to pretend, but you were totally obvious. Well, maybe not pretending, you were just being upfront? Anyway, she seems really shocked."
"Ah...."
"I'm going now, Hyung."
"Baekho, wait a second."
He was about to leave, but I stopped him. I hesitated for a moment before speaking.  It might just be me being nosy, but...
"You're not smart."
"...Huh? What did you say?"
Baekho was confused, so I continued.
"Having lots of secrets doesn't make you smart."
"..."So, what does?"
"It just means you're scared."
You too.  And me too.  We always think about the worst-case scenario.
***
Soon after Baekho left, a little early in my opinion, Hyeonbyeol rejoined us.
"Did you two talk well?"
"Yeah."
"You broke up early today?"
She asked casually, and I replied casually as well.
"He said he wanted to spend time with you."
"...What?  Who said that?!"
"Why are you so shocked? He always says crazy things."
"Yeah... He always does...  Yeah..."
Even as she said that, Hyeonbyeol seemed to be feeling hot, constantly fanning her face with her hand.  This reaction was a long time coming.  I felt a mischievous urge.
"Were you that worried about me?"
I asked playfully, with a teasing tone.  Hyeonbyeol narrowed her eyes and glared at me.
"...Are you trying to pick a fight?"
"No... I mean, why would that be a fight?"
"Really... You hang out with that weirdo, Baekho, and now you're turning into a weirdo yourself."
"..."
I was just messing around for a second, but why am I suddenly getting yelled at?  I have no idea, but I quickly changed the subject.
"Anyway, how about you?  Everything alright with your work?"
"Yeah, it's pretty much the same for me.  I'm working under Countess Peprok and slowly gaining her trust."
"What's the Countess like?"
"...She's a good person.  And pure.  She's been a bit annoying lately though."
"Annoying?"
"You don't know? Bjorn Jandel."
"Ah...."
It wasn't my intention, but I've managed to get on his bad side twice.
"Well, it's good anyway. I saw the bulletin board post and it seems like a lot of people believe you now. The view count is super high.  With this, the news will spread throughout the city within a few days."
"That's good."
"Yeah, it is.  If they'd been a bit slower to present a possibility for survival, the Jandel family would've been stripped of their assets and everything would've stopped."
Yeah, you're right.  It really couldn't have been better. 
"..." I was just saying that I'm glad your superior won't be bothering you anymore."
"Oh, really?"
Huu… Now she's directly suspicious and throwing bait.  I'll show her what a true barbarian is when we meet outside.  So she can never doubt me again.
"Oppa, what were you thinking just now?"
"Nothing?"
"No, you weren't... Your eyes looked really ominous."
"You're going to pick on me for my eyes now?"
I cut her off quickly before she noticed anything else, and we spent the rest of the time reading books and chatting.
Then, after a while...
"Oppa, it's time to go."
"Ah, yeah.  It's already that late?"
It was almost time for the Round Table to start, so the meeting naturally ended.
Leaving the chatroom, I went back to Lee Hansu's room and checked the bulletin board again.  I entered the Round Table just before the entrance time was up.
A navy suit and a lion mask.  At first, it felt like I was wearing a puppet mask, but now that I'm used to it, I think it looks pretty good on me.  Alright, I'm fully dressed...
Thump, thump, thump.
As I walked down the corridor, I arrived at the Round Table.  All the members, except for me, were already seated at their designated spots.
"Come on, that's ridiculous! It's obviously a lie."
"I don't know. Looking at the comments on that post, even Didigo thinks it's likely."
"Hee hee, I know! Didigo, that weird player with the weird concept, right?"
"He might be a weirdo, but you can't ignore him."
"Right, he's a person who knows way too much about stuff.  Uh, ah!"
Everyone stopped talking and greeted me with their eyes as soon as I arrived. 
Of course, except for the Joker.
"Pfft, welcome back again, Mr. Lion."
He stood up from his seat and bowed like a medieval nobleman.  I ignored him and sat down.
'The first turn today is Parav.'
I glanced at the seat next to mine.  The Goblin was there, of all people.  Did he want to go first today?  I was curious about the reason, but I'd know soon enough when it was his turn.
"Let's begin."
I said simply, without wasting any time.  The meeting began immediately.
"I believe everyone has read the post on the bulletin board today.  The information shared in that post is likely true."
"..."And then?"
"...This is the information for my turn."
The Goblin's words drew sighs of disbelief from all the members.
"You're not even saying it's true, you're saying it's likely? What is this?"
"Pfft, then I'll go next. The Goblin's brain capacity is likely 3kb!"
"Hee hee, Joker, that was from the post, right? It was so funny. Wasn't that person so ugly?"
"P, pfft..."
The Joker awkwardly smiled at Butterfly's response.  Did he expect this kind of mockery and objection?
"Now, I'll explain the reasons why I believe that post is likely true."
The Goblin continued without hesitation.  The members tilted their heads and focused on him.
"...Reasons?"
"Oh, there's more to it than that?"
"Right…  Even if he's clueless, he wouldn't have just put out something like this as information."
As interest grew, the Goblin, as if taking the opportunity, explained the evidence he had compiled.
"I've been good with the internet for a long time. I love arguing, and my specialty is digging up people's information."
"...But what does that have to do with the evidence?"
"I checked and analyzed all the posts and comments left by the user before today's meeting. I combined the clues they left, casually dropping them, based on their trust in anonymity."
"..."And then?"
"I couldn't figure out exactly who it was, but the person who posted that message is a member of the Hects Clan."
To be honest, I was really shocked.  The members seemed to be like, 'What the hell is this idiot talking about?' but I knew that what he said was correct.
'…Can this work?'
It was a talent of the Goblin that I had been unaware of. 
"I don't know what to say."
"If it's the Hects Clan, then they're one of the 60 explorer groups who went down to the hidden area with Bjorn Jandel..."
"Queen, what are your thoughts? Since you're close to the GM, you must know something."
Stag Horn asked the question, and the Queen nodded, looking a little dumbfounded. 
"..."I don't want to believe it, but the Goblin's conjecture matches ours."
"Is that really true?"
"Yes. But... I don't understand. We could only speculate because we restored the deleted posts..."
"Was there something about their information on those deleted posts?"
"There were quite a few. All related to the Hects Clan.  They'd regularly post how their clan has great benefits, and so on. And they deleted them before the community shut down."
Huh… What kind of clan advertisement are they doing here?  It's ridiculous, but as the Queen continued, the other members’ gazes toward the Goblin changed slightly.
"Huu huu huu...  Good thing my investigation has been confirmed."
...Goblin, what kind of guy are you?