##  The Raven’s Assembly (4)
The goblin’s turn had finished, and the order moved quickly.
“The Royal Military Strategic Department reports that this significant victory, allowing us to advance beyond the Dragon Mountain Range, was orchestrated by Noirarc. However, Noirarc’s core personnel have not been identified.”
The second in line, Deerhorn, gazed at the jester, a member of Orculis, as if demanding an explanation, and said,
“The Blood Princess, who followed Bjorn Yandell into a hidden area, is still alive.”
Crescent Moon, third in the rotation, raised eyebrows, causing everyone to tilt their heads in confusion.
“With the previous information, it’s certainly plausible she’s alive, but… how can you be so sure?”
“Because the pure blood infused into the Blood Princess has yet to return to the clan.”
“Ah……”
Yes, that was the way.
To confirm her survival.
“Therefore, the Elf race has already confirmed her survival and is preparing a rescue team comprised of their most elite warriors.”
“Hmm, that’s strange. Isn’t the Blood Princess a traitor to her clan? They raised her with the utmost care, even granting her pure blood, but she recklessly abandoned them for a man, giving him her heart and soul.”
“……You have no reason to ask me that.”
“Hee hee. So prickly.”
“I repeat, I will find you someday, so don’t die until then. My constant presence here is partly to ensure you’re still alive.”
The jester and Crescent Moon snarled at each other, a rare sight in this assembly, but it was only a brief interlude in their gathering. 
As the order resumed, they ignored each other, turning their attention elsewhere.
“Fox, your turn now.”
The order had already reached its fourth turn.
I rested my chin on my hand, leaning in to listen. I was curious to hear what Versil, the Fox, had to say.
She had given me a quest last time.
[I’ll look into it too. In return, could you be a bit more specific?]
The quest she gave me was to probe deeper into the information about Misha being a traitor.
Knowing she was a traitor, she wanted me to dig deeper.
How would Versil try to probe me now?
“Misha Calstain is not a traitor. From Bjorn Yandell’s perspective.”
Information directly contradicting the statement made by the butterfly last time.
I was immediately struck with the question, “What’s this about?”
This was definitely going to trigger a red alert, I thought.
But then, it dawned on me. 
‘Ah, she’s using it to bait him.’ 
The gem on the round table began to glow.
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.
The light, as I had anticipated, shone with a bright red hue.
“Hee… this just got interesting.”
The butterfly, with a glint of amusement, muttered as she watched the fox. Okay, that definitely caught his attention.
‘Sitting right next to the butterfly must be her strategy.’
Of course, I wasn’t sure if the bait would work.
But to me, the attempt itself was fantastic.
“Hmm, what’s going on?”
As every member’s eyes sought an explanation, Versil spoke calmly,
“I guess I wasn’t entirely certain. I gathered quite a bit of evidence, but… anyway, that happened, so let’s move on to something else.”
Versil then presented a different piece of information, earning her a green light. The turn passed on to the next.
The butterfly mask, a newcomer, appeared suddenly at the round table.
Now, would she bite?
The answer came quickly.
“It seems you don’t believe what I said, Fox. Or perhaps you have a reason you don’t want to believe it? Hilarious, really.”
Yes, she asked.
“Misha Calstain returned to Bjorn Yandell’s team because she was given orders from someone else.”
‘……What?’
I almost blurted out the sound.
‘Misha returned because of orders from someone else?’
My heart pounded, but I first checked the gem on the round table.
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.
The green light emerged, confirming the truth of her statement.
The jester, with a delighted voice, murmured,
“Hee hee, that stupid barbarian is pitiful. He shouts ‘comrade,’ ‘comrade’ all the time, but in the end, his comrade will betray him.”
I wanted to slap him across the face, but I clenched my fists tightly under the table.
It was time to focus on logic, not emotion.
‘……Someone’s orders.’
Who could it be? The ‘someone’ the butterfly spoke of.
There was only one candidate.
‘Baekho.’
He’s the only one who would pull a stunt like that, I thought. The next time I see him, I’ll—
‘Wait a second…….’
As my anger towards Baekho threatened to cloud my judgment, I met the butterfly’s eyes.
She immediately averted her gaze, but still……
‘What’s with her?’
It crossed my mind. 
Was it mere coincidence that she brought up Misha Calstain here?
Was there truly no intention behind it? 
‘Thinking about it again, the timing was so random.’
My heated mind sensed a discrepancy and cooled down.
The fact that the butterfly revealed this information here meant she wasn't concerned about it being widely known.
Or, perhaps, she wanted it to be known. 
‘If it’s the latter.’
She must have anticipated this information reaching Bjorn Yandell’s ears. 
I tried to calm myself and asked myself,
‘What will Bjorn Yandell do if he knows Misha Calstain is a traitor?’
The butterfly, what did she think Bjorn would do?
The answer was clear.
‘He’ll either cast Misha out.’
Or, 
‘He’ll have a falling out with Baekho.’
Then was this the outcome the butterfly wanted? 
I couldn’t tell yet.
These suspicions are probably just my own imagination. Maybe she just said whatever came to mind to get her turn over with.
But still……
‘My mind is getting sharper.’
Being aware of these possibilities makes me much more cautious.
‘If someone is truly trying to sow discord between me and Baekho.’
I’ll just sit tight.
Then it’ll be the other side who gets impatient. 
Click.
You have to aim properly before you shoot.
***
[The character is moving to the Record Vault.]
***
After the butterfly’s turn.
[The inscription below the stone slab found on the first floor is written in an ancient language. The content is…….]
The Queen revealed the key information leading to the basement, followed by Black, the jester, and the wolf, taking their turns. Soon, it was my turn.
Was it because of the big event this month?
Everyone seemed to be even more interested than usual in the information I was about to reveal.
However, I betrayed their expectations, presenting game information instead, ending my turn. 
And…….
‘There wasn’t much to see in the second round either.’
I could only hear fragmented information from the outside world, isolated within the labyrinth. There was nothing particularly helpful or relevant to me.
‘The butterfly didn’t mention Misha at all during the second round.’
This assembly ended just like that.
After returning to Ehan-su’s room, I browsed the bulletin board for a bit before logging out.
Of course, I hadn’t been playing from the city.
I needed to rest properly and conserve my energy for tomorrow’s exploration. 
[00 : 00]
The 36th day of entering the labyrinth had just begun.
I slowly opened my eyes in the blanket, moving only my gaze to survey my surroundings. 
Whoosh.
The flickering light of a blazing bonfire illuminated the cave.
Or, should I say, the tree?
My surroundings were exactly the same as the campsite I set up before entering the community.
‘…Even though I logged out for only four hours, I’m so tired.’
I closed my eyes again.
How long had it been?
Soon, I heard rustling nearby, and Amelia’s phantom, stationed as a lookout, approached the source of the sound.
“Need water?”
“…Ah, yes. Thank you.”
Of course, it was you, Versil.
The few seconds difference in our waking times meant she had probably stayed until the community closed. 
“Yandell, are you… sleeping?”
“Yes.”
I didn’t want to wake up and talk, so I went back to sleep.
The next morning.
As we all woke up and prepared for exploration, Versil walked over, looking tired like a zombie. 
“Yandell, can we talk one-on-one before we leave?”
“Talk? Sure.”
I acted like I had no idea what she was talking about, but I knew what she wanted to say, and she didn’t disappoint.
“Misha Calstain. There are suspicions that she returned to our team under someone else’s orders.”
Of course, I was curious about this.
“Why are you telling me this now?”
“…It’s a sensitive topic. I wanted to be sure before I told you.”
Ah, that’s what she was going to say.
If I didn’t know the truth, I would have been suspicious, but knowing the inside story, I just pretended not to notice.
“Ahem! Anyway, that’s not important.  There’s one more thing… ”
“What is it?”
“It’s possible that time is passing on the outside right now.”
Huh, I hadn’t expected her to report this so soon.
Did she think it was worth telling me directly, even if it made me a little suspicious? 
That’s kind of commendable.
“What’s your reasoning?”
“…The village elder. Thinking about it, there are a lot of inconsistencies. He’s from thousands of years ago. But we’ve been told he’s been here for a long time too. It only makes sense if we assume that time is passing for both of us.”
Versil’s reason was surprisingly sound.
‘…Wow, if I had heard it without knowing the truth, I probably would have just let it go.’
Did she think about this all night and prepare these excuses beforehand?
Well, I was up late thinking too, but still.
“So, has more than a month passed outside?”
I acted oblivious, and Versil shook her head.
“No. Not that I know of. Well, not I think. I think ‘the rainy season’ is the turning point.”
“Reasoning?”
“…I don’t have any.”
She doesn’t.
It’s the fact that fifteen days have passed outside that’s the biggest clue.
Ah, so she couldn’t prepare an excuse for this, could she?
Anyway, her opinion about the time ratio between the city and this place matched mine.
The rainy season ends on the 21st day.
The round table opens at midnight fifteen days later, on the 35th day.
That means, assuming time passes at a one-to-one ratio after the rainy season, the calculation is perfect.
“If my assumption is correct, there’s a high chance the labyrinth will reopen on the 50th day.”
“And?”
“On the 57th day, the first floor will be closed again, and no one will be able to enter. On the 64th day, the rainy season will begin again.”
This fits perfectly with the rainy season cycle I heard from the village elder. 
***
After Versil shared her shocking(?) information with me, we had a clan meeting for the first time in a while. 
“Time is passing in the city…?”
Everyone was startled by the hypothesis, but most of them didn’t doubt the veracity of the information.
After all, I was the one who told them about the community reopening.
Except for Ainar and Auyen, who didn’t know about me being an evil spirit.
“Oh! That’s incredible!”
“That’s… terrible! What now? What if we’re trapped here forever, like the village elder……?”
Regardless of their contrasting reactions.
Sharing the information was only the beginning, as there was another topic for our meeting.
“From now on, we need to decide how we’re going to act.”
“Leader, what exactly do you mean?”
“Simply put, we need to decide. Whether we focus on our exploration, regardless of other explorers entering this place, or…….”
“Or?”
“We help them, build up our forces, and find a way to escape from here.”
Since all of us were explorers who could quickly calculate profits and losses, long speeches were unnecessary.
As soon as the voting began, the pro and cons were quickly divided.
“I’m in favor.  It doesn’t matter about short-term gains. Finding a way to escape this place is the priority.”
“I… I also agree. Escaping isn’t the only issue. If we leave them alone, most of them will die.”
Amelia and Auyen, in favor. 
And…….
“I’m against it. I’m not sure if those people will actually be of any help.  ……”
“I’m against it too! If they’ve come this far, shouldn’t they be able to figure it out themselves? Besides, it’ll be a hassle!”
Erwen and Ainar, against.
“I… still think we should meet them, even if it means stopping our exploration. We can at least verify the information and learn about the outside world. Whether we help them or not is for later.”
“I… think we don’t need to look for them specifically, and we can decide what to do after we meet them, based on the people we meet.”
Versil and Misha, neutral.
Why do I always get to vote last?
I don’t know, but I just voted for what I thought was the right answer.
“I think we should go back to the rock island.”
The library, the rainy season, this giant tree island.
The difficulty of the end-game content in these layers was higher, so I thought having more people would give us more options.
‘Besides, if we have more people, we’ll be able to take down that giant too.’
In that sense, we continued our exploration for another ten days and headed towards the rock island in due time. 
The date was the 53rd day when we arrived.
We set up camp where we had started and waited endlessly. Time flew by.
The 54th day, the 55th day, the 56th day.
As the 57th day arrived, I started to doubt if anyone would actually come.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!
“Bjorn! Bjorn! Portals! Portals!”
Dozens of portals opened in the air, and new explorers entered. 
]]]