## Chapter 522: Giant Island (1)
Sixty new explorer recruits had just descended to the first floor below ground.  They were initially quite taken aback upon seeing us alive and well, but soon regained their composure and approached us for introductions.
“Baron Yandell, it’s truly an honor to see you alive. I’m Muell Armin, leader of the Armin Exploration Team.”
The Armin Exploration Team, while not part of the Four Great Clans, enjoyed considerable renown and a positive reputation. They were famed for continuing their explorations even during the war.
“Magnon Niass. I lead the Imperial Clan.”
Imperial Clan, never heard of them before.
“I am Bjorn, son of Yandell.”
Unlike our motley crew, the recruits of this cycle were clearly divided into two distinct groups. Muell Armin cautiously asked me, “Baron… you don’t seem surprised to see us?”
“I had a hunch that time would continue to flow outside.”
“…Excuse me?”
Muell Armin flinched and glanced at my companions, a hint of suspicion in her eyes. Did she think there were players among them? Before her suspicion grew, I quickly continued, “I came across some clues during our exploration.”
It wasn’t entirely untrue. In retrospect, the village chief had given us enough information to deduce that.
“Ah… I see.”
“But how did you know we were alive?”
The explorer Magnon Niass, who seemed to be in his late 30s, answered my question. “Baron, you must be familiar with the assembly of evil spirits. Through them, information about this place reached the city.”
This guy’s tone was off. He was talking to me as an equal. Did he think a noble was beneath him?
As I stared at him, Muell Armin quickly stepped in, “Yes. However, since the source is what it is, most people still aren’t entirely convinced. But there’s a general consensus that the possibility itself is valid, Baron.”
“I see.”
Okay, that should be enough to dispel suspicion about evil spirits. Time to start digging for information. “You guys are pretty sharp, huh? You’ve already figured out how to open the portal.”
“We’re not even close to Baron Yandell’s level. We obtained numerous clues from the evil spirits. After correlating the ancient language found on the stele with the ruins of the temple, we started suspecting it.”
“So, your two clans are cooperating?”
“For now, yes. But it’s only temporary.”
Damn, this guy’s answers are so short. 
How am I supposed to handle him?
As I pondered, Muell Armin chimed in again, “We met at the ruins of the temple. Since we’re short on time, we decided to combine our fragments and open the portal.”
“Just to clarify, we had two, and he had one.”
“…Yes. That’s right. So, we adjusted our numbers accordingly.”
I guess that’s why there were exactly 40 and 20 of them.  
So, that’s the story.
“Alright, we’ve cleared that up. Now, can we get some information about this place? This is a new stratum. Before we start exploring in earnest, we should get the intel, wouldn’t you say?”
Ugh, what a rude kid. 
Just because I’m being polite, does he think I’m not a real noble?
“It seems you think of it as a favor you’re returning,” I said, lowering my voice. Only then did he take a furtive glance at me and adjust his tone.
“That wasn’t my intention… I was just thinking… we’ll be seeing each other often, whether we like it or not, until we find a way out.  So, I thought it would be good to have some interaction.”
“Really?”
“Of course. Baron Yandell will benefit from knowing about us.  The Anabad Clan doesn’t have a lot of members, does it?”
While we didn’t have a lengthy conversation, I had made my assessment.
“However, while our Imperial Clan may be smaller than the Four Great Clans, I assure you, we’re just as strong. Next month, those who couldn’t come this time will be joining us—.”
This guy is a liability. 
I cut him off immediately and said, “We don’t need it.”
“…?”
“We don’t need your help, so figure it out yourselves.”
He flinched, then stared at me. Realizing my words were sincere, he responded, “…A foolish decision you’ve made. What if we find the escape route first?”
“The way you’re talking… I don’t think you’re going to be able to do that.”
“…You’ll regret this.”
“Oh, everyone who said that ended up dead.”
“Ha!”
Scoffing, he gathered his troops and began preparing to depart.
“Really… should we let them go like this?”
Muell Armin looked concerned.
“Ah, leaving them like this would be a little problematic.”
I nodded in agreement, stopping the guy who was about to leave.
“Wait a minute.”
“…Ha! Have you changed your mind?”
“Never mind that, come over here.”
I beckoned him with a flick of my finger, and he, despite his displeasure, came to me.  He stared back at me, ready for me to say whatever I had to.
*Whack-*
Since we were short on time, I quickly backhanded him.
“Ouch!!”
I expected his head to be smooth, and I wasn’t wrong. It felt pretty good.
“What the hell are you doing?!”
“Oh, I just felt like hitting you.”
“…What?”
He stared at me, dazed by my response. But I didn’t care.
So, what are you going to do about it?
Hissing and glaring is all you can do, right?
“That’s all I had to say. Now, go on your way.”
“….”
“Is there a problem?”
“…Rumors are not to be trusted.”
He then left, hurrying to catch up with his men, as if he wanted nothing to do with me.
As I chuckled at his retreating form, Muell Armin asked, “…Why did you do that?”
Oh, that?
“I felt like I wouldn’t get another chance.”
“Another chance, you say?”
I simply shrugged.
After all, you can’t meet someone who’s already dead again.
***
The guy is gone, so no point dwelling on him. I turned my attention to the remaining one. “Muell Armin, was it?”
“Yes, Baron.”
“Just call me Muell.”
“It’s an honor, Baron.”
“So, what are your plans?”
“Ah… I actually have something to tell you, Baron, about that.”
“About me?”
I was curious about what she had to say, and it turned out to be about the post I saw on the community board. The one where they were stranded on an island, waiting for someone to rescue them.
“Seeing you in person, I guess the story about being trapped on an island is true. We’re planning to head over there first.”
“Why?”
“We need to save anyone we can.  Plus, since we’re going into a place with absolutely no information, wouldn’t it be better to have a target than to wander around aimlessly?”
“Well, that makes sense.”
Muell was the complete opposite of the other guy.  Even though we haven’t talked for long, I can tell. 
This one seems trustworthy. 
“Could you tell me if there’s anything we need to watch out for here? I know it’s rude to ask, but it would be a huge help in protecting the people who trust me and followed me. And of course, I’ll compensate you.”
“Compensation? Don’t be silly.”
I chuckled and gave her only two pieces of information.
“If you see the island, take a good look. The last time I got close, I saw a Tall-Lapupa floating around.”
“Tall-Lapupa… isn’t that a Class 1 monster?”
“Yes. That’s the only one we’ve confirmed, but you can’t let your guard down.”
Muell’s face fell at the mention of a Class 1 monster. “To think there might be more Class 1 monsters… this is truly a dangerous place.”
“But more dangerous than Class 1 monsters is ‘the rainy season’.”
“The rainy season…?”
“On the fourteenth day, it rains monsters from the sky, and it lasts until the twenty-first day. So, you need to find a place where you can hide during that time.”
I went on to tell her the level of monsters that appear during the rainy season. Muell’s face turned pale.
“So, ‘no more chances’ meant… that?”
“Yes. Well, we’re heading out now, so take care of yourselves.”
“Excuse me?”
Muell was taken aback by my sudden announcement, but I didn’t respond and turned to leave. 
This is how you make sure they’re scared. 
One step, two steps, three steps…
“Hmm, they should be catching up by now.” 
Why aren’t they catching up?
Could it be that the Class 1 monster and the rainy season weren’t enough?
“Ugh, if this is how it’s going to be, I guess I’ll have to make the first move?”
Just as I was about to make my offer, Muell grabbed me from behind.  I turned around slowly, feigning confusion.
“What’s the matter?”
“It’s… about that.”
“Hurry up. We don’t have much time.”
“…Would you consider joining forces with us, Baron?”
Those were the exact words I wanted to hear. 
However, I gave her a nonchalant look up and down.
“Hmm… with you?”
“Yes. We’ll do our best to not be a burden. We’ll also surrender our leadership to you.”
Muell explained that the Armin Exploration Team had extensive experience in expeditions, as they specialized in finding Gabriellius’s arrangements. 
I already knew all that. 
They were quite famous after all, in a good way.
“It’s not a bad offer, but how about the distribution?”
I got straight to the point, and Muell thought for a moment before responding.
“You were here first, Baron, and you know more than we do. So, we won’t be greedy.”
“Specific numbers.”
“We won’t even claim ownership of the magic stones.  But we would like to receive half of the exploration income, including the essence.”
Hah, look at this kid. 
He’s all about being nice, but an explorer’s an explorer, eh?
“We’ll split the magic stones exactly in half, but we’ll take 30% of the exploration income, including the essence.  Of course, we have priority.”
“How about we reduce our share to 20%, but remove the priority?”
“That’s not happening.”
Muell’s brow furrowed at my firm refusal. 
He’s probably struggling with this slave-like contract. 
But this is where I add the finishing touch.
“Muell Armin, it’s your choice.  But remember this.”
I looked him straight in the eye and said, “Bjorn, son of Yandell, never abandons his comrades, no matter the situation.”
These words came straight from my heart.
But did he receive them?
“…I accept your conditions.”
Twenty new high-grade slaves.
 
***
The few days I spent on the rocky island weren’t wasted at all.  The Armin Exploration Team joining us was a huge gain. They’re a real find, if I must say.
Four Class 3 explorers.
Twelve Class 4 explorers.
One priest and three wizards.
It’s hard to believe they accepted a contract that’s practically slavery.  They have such a luxurious lineup.
*If we can get them to work together, we might even be able to take down a Class 2.*
After reviewing their strength, I greeted each member of the Armin Exploration Team personally.
“I’m Bjorn, son of Yandell. It’s nice to have you onboard.”
“I-I am Charlotte Amblot, a wizard of the Exploration Team…!”
“Oh? You’re a wizard? You need to eat properly. Have some jerky.”
“Th, thank you!”
“So, what’s your name?”
“Br-Brian Amblot… I am… ”
“Amblot?”
“Oh, yeah! Charlotte is my sister.”
“Wow, both of you are explorers? That’s amazing!  What’s your name?”
“I’m…  ”
Introducing myself to everyone took quite a while, but it was worth it.
*Good signs.*
Thankfully, Hans wasn’t hiding amongst them.