## Chapter 523: Giant Island (2)
Two ships cut through the silver waves. Ours, leading the way, and Armin's expedition ship trailing behind. We had settled on this island as our first destination after careful consideration. 
It was the very island where someone from the Hektz clan had requested rescue through the community. The reason for choosing this island was simple:
"Why wouldn't we go if there were free slaves to be had?"
Armin's expedition was a completely different case. The explorers trapped on that island were focused solely on survival. They would do anything to get back to the city, desperate for any chance of escape.
"Besides, that island is a place we'll have to explore eventually anyway."
This particular layer, the first level underground, was unique. The library and the Tree Island, which had been here recently, all presented near-impossible challenges.
"Even the Tree Island started to spawn fourth-tier monsters."
We hadn't even reached the halfway point of the Tree Island when that happened.  Perhaps even first-tier monsters would appear later on.
Therefore, we needed to increase our numbers.  We had a higher chance of finding clues for our escape if we cleared the end-game content of every island.
"Auyen, how much longer until we reach our destination?"
"If the course we got from the navigator is accurate, it will take about nine hours, Captain."
"I see."
We spent the remaining time contemplating how to divide and arrange our formation once we got more members.
About three hours later, a problem arose:
"Captain! The expedition's ship! It's… it's sinking!"
***
The situation was sudden, but sudden situations were a part of everyday life for explorers.
"Erwen, report the situation!"
"Something is pulling the ship from below! It looks like tentacles, but one of them is reaching up and it looks like a giant hand!"
"Is it a monster?"
"I don't know! It looks human-like, but…"
Erwen peered over the railing of the lookout tower and shouted: 
"It's enormous!"
"Like the giant we saw on that island?"
"Yes!"
Could it be… the real deal?
It would be ironic if it were.  The creature hadn't shown its face when we were searching for it after the rainstorm, but it decided to show up in the middle of the ocean.
"Captain! We need time to turn the ship!"
"I understand. Hurry as much as you can. And Erwen, can you provide support?"
"I'll try!"
Erwen, following my instructions, drew her bowstring on the lookout tower. 
Then…
[Erwen Pornachi di Tercia casts [Concentrated Shot].]
Her power grew stronger as time passed.  Unfortunately, she couldn't fully charge it.
"What, what...?”
"The… the ship's flying!"
As if pulled by something, the expedition's ship, partially submerged, rose into the air.  An enormous hand reached out from the water, grabbing the sides of the ship and holding it aloft. 
It was an unreal sight, but somehow, I could see the next scene unfolding in my mind.
"Could it be… they're going to throw it?"
I couldn't be sure.  It was as if Erwen had seen the same scene as I had.  She finished charging and released her arrow.
Pshhhooow-
A sonic boom like a jet taking flight, the spirit arrow shot out.
KWA-A-A-A-A-NG-
The arrow struck the wrist of the hand that was holding the ship, piercing it cleanly.
Then…
[U-U-U-U-U-U-G-GH-!!]
The creature’s roar reverberated through the water from below, the sound so powerful it could be felt through the hull of the ship.
K-W-W-W-W-W-O-O-N-G-
The creature, startled, let go of its grip.  The ship, without its support, tipped over and fell back onto the surface.
But, did they invest heavily in the ship?
Even though a normal ship would have simply sunk, Armin's expedition vessel managed to regain its balance like a top.
"So, we extinguished the immediate threat…."
But I wasn't relieved yet. 
It didn't seem like the kind of creature to run away after a single sting.  It would be back for a second attack soon.
"Emily! We're going into the water, just like we practiced!"
"Understood, I'll prepare for the dive. Go ahead!"
We had practiced such scenarios beforehand, so there was no need for a lengthy communication. 
I immediately stepped onto the deck and jumped up.
Then…
[Character casts [Transcendence].]
[Character casts [Gigantification].]
I activated Transcendence and Gigantification just before hitting the water.
KWA-A-A-A-NG-
The moment I touched the surface, a deafening sound echoed out as water splashed in all directions.  
That's how a dive should be.
"..."
The moment I entered the water.
The Barbarian’s body, clad in steel armor, began to rapidly sink. The surroundings were enveloped in an almost deep-sea darkness.
But that only lasted for a moment.
S-W-W-W-W-W-W-OO-O-O-SH-
Dozens of orbs of light, summoned by Bersil, descended into the sea, illuminating the area.
It was still dark, but… 
"Seeing is better than not seeing."
The water in the Record Archives was different from normal seawater.  It was an undeniably different silver color from the blue.
No, it was hard to even call it water.
Our experiments revealed that the Barbarian's (Water) Elemental mode didn't work here.  It was something more akin to water in its properties.
[Bersil Goul'land casts the 7th-tier spell [Oxygen Tank].]
Fortunately, the signature underwater magic of [Dungeon & Stone] worked in this sea.
Well, wouldn't it be weird if it didn't?
This spell was centered around "oxygen supply," unlike Erwen's "underwater breathing" judgment.
Even in the game, we could counter breathing toxins with this spell.
K-W-W-O-O-N-G-
Then, my foot hit the ground.
I had anticipated it, seeing the giant reaching out, but it wasn't that deep.
T-A-D-D-A-T-
I started to sprint towards the giant shape I could make out in the distance, its form gradually becoming clearer.
Hipramajent.
It looked the same as it had on the island, when we briefly met.
Two arms and two legs.
A long neck and a head perched on top of it.  
Its overall proportions were similar to a human's, but...
Its skin was rotting, teeming with maggots. 
It was covered in strange pustules like warts.
It didn’t have eyes, nose, ears, or anything else a person should have.  Instead of a face, there was only a huge maw filled with hideous teeth.
"So, it had a head like that."
We hadn't seen it because it was shrouded in darkness back then.
"I'm using Gigantification, but it's only up to my thighs."
Ah, did it activate [Gigantification] too?
But even so.
"G-Barbarian, is this your first time seeing one?"
It seemed that the other creature was just as curious.
Standing there dumbfounded, staring at me.
T-A-D-D-A-T-
I dashed forward, my feet pounding on the ground, which felt like mud.
I swung my hammer at its Achilles’ heel.
P-W-A-C-K-
Hmph, I even used [Swing], but it didn’t flinch.
The creature was tougher than I expected, but it wasn't a problem.
I had managed to pull its aggro just like I wanted.
[U-U-U-R-R-R-G-H-!!]
The creature no longer paid attention to the ship on the surface.
It was completely focused on the "threat" in front of it.
It let out a zombie-like moan and brought its palm down on me.
"Its attack speed is crazy fast."
This wouldn't be a problem on the surface, but it was tricky to dodge underwater, where my movements were sluggish.
I raised my shield and guarded.
KWA-A-A-A-NG-
The ground I was standing on sank in, burying me up to my waist, but I didn’t take much damage.  It felt like my waist would snap if I took a few more hits, though.
"It’s average in strength compared to its size."
Well, that was based on a second-tier monster. For a third-tier, its physical attack damage was high enough to be compared to an Ogre, a creature known for its devastating basic attacks.
"The problem is its skills."
The chief's book listed three skills for this creature, including [Gigantification]. 
But…
"It must have more."
Third-tier monsters usually have five or six active skills each.
This one hadn't even revealed its passive.
"I wonder what its passive is."
I wish it was a kind of skill that a Shield Barbarian could use.
[Character casts the 3rd-tier Temporal spell [Target Designation].]
KWA-A-A-A-NG-
The creature kicked me like a soccer ball, launching me upwards.
It wasn’t a very high launch.
It’d be like kicking a soccer ball filled with sand.
K-W-W-O-O-N-G-
My body landed in a gentle arc.
Support arrived from the surface at that moment.
[Bersil Goul’land casts the 4th-tier Detection spell [Soul Outline].]
[Soul Outline] was the first spell.
A very useful spell, especially in the sixth-tier dungeons that have an underwater theme.
After this spell is cast, you can see a creature even if it’s hiding underwater.
I can see it as clearly as if I was looking at it now.
[U-U-U-R-R-R-G-H-!!]
Like a heat camera, the giant was glowing in various colors.
As soon as the target was confirmed, various ranged attacks rained down from the surface.
[Charlotte Ambler casts the 4th-tier Attack spell [Spiral Auger].]
[Myle Armin casts [Eternal Weakening].]
[Garthon Cultner casts [Sling Launcher].]
[….]
There were a lot of skills I didn’t recognize.  Most of them were from Armin's expedition team, though.
"Well, we're lacking in ranged attackers."
The only ones who can do ranged attacks are Erwen and Bersil.
All the others are melee classes.
It's something we need to improve on.
[U-U-U-R-R-R-G-H-H-H-H-!!]
The creature roared furiously at the barrage of attacks.
I couldn’t help but swallow.
I hadn’t even had a chance to properly coordinate with the expedition team. I couldn't even imagine we would end up fighting underwater like this.
But…
"We'll have to do it."
With that determination, I prepared to start the raid in earnest.
[U-U-U-R-R-R-G-H-H-H-H-!!]
The giant, towering above me, began to run at an incredible speed for its size.
"..."
I watched in disbelief.
K-W-W-O-O-N-G, K-W-W-O-O-N-G, K-W-W-O-O-N-G-
The creature’s long legs stretched as it ran.
It was running towards the opposite side from where I was.
***
"It… it ran away?"
At first, I thought it was some kind of skill activation sequence.
But the creature vanished instantly, and as time passed, it didn’t come back.
"….what is this?"
I had no idea what was happening.
I couldn’t lose aggro even with a second-tier monster, based on my threat level.
Of course, goblins and some monsters would run away if their health was low or they were facing death…
"I hadn’t even dealt a decent blow, though."
What was this?
It was like the creature was a giant, but a coward.
Every day since we came down here, there were things that I couldn’t explain with my dungeon knowledge.
"I’m going up."
I wrapped the special diving rope they had given me around my body and pulled it down three times.  They started to hoist me up from above.
Back on the surface,
"Captain! Are you alright?"
As I stepped onto the deck and dried myself off with a towel Amelia had given me, Erwen ran over.
"Don't worry. I’m not hurt."
"That was a strange creature..."
"We'll talk about that escapee later. What about over there? How bad are they hurt?"
"Well... it wasn’t exactly the right time for that kind of conversation..."
Since the two ships weren’t that far apart, I deactivated [Gigantification] and jumped over.
"Captain! Are you alright?!"
"Yeah, I’m fine. How about you guys?"
"We're all fine, but... our ship is in pretty bad shape. We won't be able to sail until it's docked and properly repaired."
"Don't worry about it.  You can just come over to our ship."
"Ah… Thank you."
We continued on, carrying the members of Armin's expedition team on board.
Our ship was classified as a medium-sized vessel, but it was crowded with 27 people.
"What if we get even more people?"
We'll need a bigger ship for sure.
As I was worrying, Myle Armin approached me and bowed again.
"Captain, thank you so much. If we were alone, we’d be stuck here.  I don’t even want to think about what could have happened."
This incident seemed to have greatly affected Myle’s thoughts.
"Haha, what are you talking about? We’re comrades."
I laughed heartily, thinking to myself:
"I think they’d follow me even if I lowered the conditions a bit."
Well, maybe not right now.
I'll bring it up later, depending on the situation.
"Captain! It's… it’s giants! They're coming towards us!"
"...huh?"
I rushed to the deck, alerted by the message from the lookout tower.
I didn't even need to activate [Gigantification].  A group of giants were approaching rapidly in the distance.
Their fishy mouths were the only parts of their bodies above water. 
"What the hell. It’s like a Gyarados."
I counted the heads floating on the surface.
One, two, three, four, five, six…
Seven…
And one of them was the one that ran away from us earlier.  Only that one was visible below the surface with [Soul Outline].
"Did it run away to call for its friends?"
I never imagined they lived in groups.
Besides getting this new information, I quickly calmed down and shouted:
[U-U-U-R-R-R-G-H-H-H-H-!!]
"Auyen! Stuff all the mana stones into the propulsion system!"
We need to get out of here, fast.