## The Island of Giants (4)
The footprint had been made approximately five hours ago.  There was no need to ponder who it belonged to; there were no other explorers on the island. It must have been some of the stranded party.
“Two individuals in total. Judging from the size of the footprints, both seem to be men. They appear to be moving with extreme stealth.”
“Stealth? Does that mean they're hard to track?”
“No. Not really. There's no attempt to erase the footprints themselves. It's simply that they moved with caution, keeping a low profile and scanning their surroundings carefully. They were likely on the lookout for monsters.”
Mikhail Lektors. A middle-aged explorer, a former Imperial Investigator. He seemed to be fulfilling a similar role within Armin’s expeditionary team as Amelia did…
“We should leave the tracking to Lektors.  He's an Imperial Investigator, so he’s surely more adept at it than I am.”
Amelia’s hushed words confirmed that his previous profession was more impressive than I initially thought.
“Lektors, was it?”
“Yes, Baron.”
“The tracking will be entrusted to you.”
“Yes, Baron. I will complete it without any errors.”
After that, I led the way, Lektors guiding me with directions.
How long had we been walking?  We stopped, halting our pursuit of the footprints.  We had stumbled upon something unexpected. Or perhaps, it would be more accurate to say we had discovered it.
“That is…,”
In the heart of the forest, a colossal corpse lay sprawled across the ground.  It was not a human, but a giant.
“The giant we saw at sea…,”
It seemed to have been dead for some time; the body was riddled with wounds and the stench of decay filled the air. What had killed it?
“Based on the wounds… it appears it was not a human, but another monster.”
Could it be another monster that had emerged during the rainy season? The thought made me sigh involuntarily.
“Jandel, you don’t look so good. Any problems?”
“Well… we found a corpse.”
The fact that the corpse hadn’t vanished meant that we couldn’t extract its essence.
“Ah…,”
What was its passive ability? What were its stats? I had gotten ahead of myself, full of anticipation and excitement. It was all just wishful thinking.
The sight of the corpse drained me of all energy, but others reacted quite differently.
“A giant! A giant’s corpse!”
“Not just any giant! As Baron mentioned, this giant’s name is Hipramajent.”
“What are you all doing? We need to salvage what we can before it decays further!”
The expeditionary team’s magicians, their faces alight with joy like they had discovered the greatest treasure in the world, began dissecting the giant’s corpse.
“Hold on! Gently! Even as you salvage, make sure to properly record the original bodily structure!”
“The stomach! What’s in its stomach? No, wait. Does it even have a stomach?”
They seemed like the kind of people who would be happy with a single book in their hands, even amidst the fires of hell.
“You’ve got quite the passionate magicians in your team, haven’t you?”
I muttered, sounding dumbfounded.  Muell, the expeditionary team leader, offered a strained smile.
“They are magicians who joined our expedition team, which is known to seek out dangerous tasks that don’t even earn a decent profit. Ha ha….”
Well, I suppose that’s true.  While I wasn’t as enthusiastic as the magicians, I was also interested, so I watched from the side as they gleefully dismembered and examined the giant’s corpse.
“What about its hide?”
“…It’s exceptionally heavy.  When we tested its basic reactions, we found that it didn’t display any anti-magical properties, either.”
“So it's unsuitable for making equipment?”
“Yes… It’s… going to take a lot of research for it to be usable as a material.”
In other words, the hide held little value as a material.
“What about its bones?”
The magician, brightening at my next question, responded.
“Ah! The bones are incredibly strong yet lightweight.  They’re also incredibly large, so a skilled blacksmith might be able to craft armor by weaving them together, although…,”
“Oh, really? What tier material would you estimate it to be?”
“Uh… well… since it’s lightweight, it’s likely to be more valuable than regular steel as a material…,”
What in the world?  Even the bones were underwhelming.  If it was only slightly better than steel, it would be more sensible to simply use steel, which was cheaper and easier to work with.
“W, well, there are advantages to using bone for equipment.  First of all, it doesn't rust, and…,”
Like a researcher demanding more time and budget, the magician tried to appeal to me, but it wasn’t worth listening to.
“I understand. Let me know if you discover anything unique.”
“Yes, sir!”
After that, we lost interest in the corpse and spent our time keeping watch. After slaying around ten monsters that charged at us using [Gigantification], we heard something.
Thud.
The moment I swung my hammer instinctively at the sound from the bushes…
“Ugh, Aah!”
The scream that followed caused me to stop the hammer mid-swing.
“…Ugh, Ugh… Huff, Huff…,”
It was a human. A familiar face.
***
The hammer froze just above his head. The man, as if his strength had left him, fell backward, gasping for breath.
Versil was the first to recognize the man.
“Mirthane?”
Ah, that was his name, right?  One of the five-member team whose warrior hadn’t been able to descend to the first floor.  He had later gone to the Human Island, experienced some conflict, and sought shelter with the Hects Clan, he said.
“…Ugh, Huff…,”
“Calm down.  No one will harm you.”
“G, Gouland, Dn…!”
Versil patted his back, and the man regained consciousness, collapsing to the ground.  His first words were:
“P, please help.  Berion… he was badly injured fighting monsters…,”
I noticed that a smaller man was strapped to his back, bound in a sack.  We quickly untied the sack and laid the man on the ground.
We were about to call for a priest when…
“…He’s already gone.”
Amelia’s words, spoken after checking his breathing, sent the man crashing to the ground.
“I, it can’t be…! J, just now… we were… talking…!”
The man shoved Amelia aside and embraced his comrade’s corpse.  Desperately trying to deny the reality, he checked his breathing once again with his own hands.
“……,”
It was a rude act, but Amelia didn’t say anything to the man, nor did I. It’s something all explorers experience.  Losing a comrade in a labyrinth.  It takes time to accept, whether quickly or slowly.
“…Have you calmed down a bit?”
“Yes… I need to tell you this first. I was too distraught to say anything before, but… thank you.  For saving my life…,”
“I’m sorry for your loss. Can you handle the aftermath?”
“Yes. It’s… something I have to do.  Would it be alright if I asked for a Distortion Magic…?”
“Of course.”
Mirthane gathered all of his comrade’s belongings, including his equipment. He then cast Distortion Magic on the corpse and stored it in a subspace bag.
It was a bit awkward to say this in the current situation, but he was still in a better position.  Back then, we’d lost our magician.  We had no choice but to leave his body in the labyrinth.  Different situations, different circumstances.
“…So, we’d like to hear your story now.”
We had done our duty by waiting until he was done with the aftermath.
“Are the others alive?”
“…They’re hiding in a shelter with the rest of the survivors.”
From his explanation, their shelter wasn’t too far from where we were.
“How’s the shelter? Safe?”
“…At least it’s been safe until now.”
“Right? But why are the two of you out here?”
“We figured that we needed to know about this island if we wanted to escape. So…  Berion and I were sent out, as we were the fastest.”
Ah, so they were a reconnaissance team.  Well, if they had just stayed hidden, they wouldn’t have had to deal with this.
‘…It’s best not to say that.’
I decided to hold my tongue and wait for the rest of their story until we got to their shelter.
His claim about the shelter being close was true; after following his directions, we soon found a rock hidden among the bushes.
“It’s disguised as a wall by magic.”
“I’ll send a signal.”
Mirthane tapped the rock, sending a signal inside. After waiting for a moment, the wall vanished, and a man emerged from within.
“Mirthane! Why are you so late…?  Hey, Baron Jandel?!”
The Hects Clan leader chided his delayed comrade, but his eyes widened upon seeing me.
“My word…!”
“It’s been a while, Waite Hects.”
“By the gods…!”
“Can we come in?”
“O, of course! Come in, please!”
We entered the cavern, and it was much larger on the inside than it looked from outside.
“I, I’m truly surprised to see you here, Baron Jandel…,”
“Oh, is that so? Unexpected?”
“Unexpected…? What do you mean?”
“I expected you to ask about the explorers who came with me first.”
“Ah…! Y, yes, that’s true! There were sixty of us who came down, right…?”
He seemed to realize his lapse in thought, but it didn’t feel like he meant it sincerely.  Could this be the demon who sent the rescue request?  Well, it wasn’t something I needed to figure out right now, so I didn’t press him for details.
“W, what exactly happened?”
I answered Waite’s question with a brief explanation of what had happened.  The fact that time kept flowing in the city even while we were here, the labyrinth opening again, and the additional explorers who had entered the first floor.
“One of you sent a rescue request from the Demon Assembly, which spread to the city as well.  Thanks to that, they found out the location of this island and were able to come here.”
“T, that…,”
“Do any of you know who the demon might be?”
“I’m not sure. But… perhaps it’s someone who has already perished.”
“Like the one who died today, perhaps?”
“……,”
Waite Hects remained silent, presumably to protect his comrades.  I stopped trying to prod him.  It was a bad habit of mine.  I couldn’t stop myself from probing even when it wasn’t necessary.
“That’s enough of that. Tell me about it. What happened after we parted ways?”
I decided to end the discussion about the demon and move on to another topic.  Their exploration record was less than impressive, however.  They’d explored the library after we left, but with no discoveries, they changed their plan and returned to the sea?
“It was during our voyage, as we continued exploring new territories.  Suddenly, monsters began falling like rain from the sky.”
Unlike us, who’d spent the rainy season in a safe village, they encountered it at sea.  They landed on this island just before their ship was destroyed.  After that, they ran for their lives and stumbled upon this cavern, where they took refuge.
‘No wonder their numbers are less than half. Most of them must have perished during the rainy season.’
They were lucky to find shelter within a few hours.  If they had been exposed for longer, they wouldn’t have survived.
“You’ve been through a lot.  It’s been a tough ordeal.”
“I… how were you, Baron? Since time keeps flowing outside, we need to find a way to escape this island. Did you happen to find anything…?”
“Not yet.  I’m still searching.”
My honest answer made Waite clench his lips, before cautiously asking:
“…There has to be something, right?”
“Yes. There definitely is.  I’ll find a way out, I promise.”
Those words were the greatest comfort to those seeking solace.
“…We will also help you, Baron.  Though our strength may be limited.”
Waite’s resolute words made it clear that he was counting on me.  I glanced at the number of explorers he had brought with him and replied.
“Thank you. We’ll do this together.”
Twelve more unpaid slaves acquired.
***
It was still early for our usual camping time, but I decided to call it a day for today.
“Everyone, get some rest. I don’t know what tomorrow holds, but we’ll be staying here for the night.”
With the addition of new members, we needed to reorganize and make preparations.  There were also some investigations to be made.
“Waite.  Have you learned anything about this island?”
They spent most of their time hiding in this cavern, but they had been on the island long before us.  Waite’s knowledge would be invaluable to us, as we had only learned about the monsters using [Gigantification].
“During the… rainy season, Berion saw a giant monster in the distance while he was exploring the outskirts.”
A giant monster.  But from his description, it wasn’t Hipramajent.
“When he first saw it, it was at least forty meters tall…,”
Hipramajent was half the size of this beast.
“…He said it was tearing apart a Valksus with its bare hands.”
No way a monster could possess that level of strength.
“To be honest, we think we might have encountered a monster that uses Fantasy-type abilities…  But we still thought you should know.”
“I see. Well done. I’ll keep that in mind.”
It was impossible to ask further details from someone who was already dead, so I decided to shelve this issue and listen to the rest of his story.  
They drew a rough map of the surrounding area based on the information gathered by their reconnaissance team.  They also shared their knowledge about the new monster species that they had encountered, but we hadn’t seen yet.  This information would prove invaluable in the exploration that would resume tomorrow.  
Well, there was one more piece of information, a real showstopper.
“Lastly…  I have something to show you, Baron.”
“Show me?”
“Will you… follow me for a moment?”
Waite led me to a small chamber in the depths of the cavern, where there was an artificial structure.  The moment I saw it, my jaw dropped.
“This is…,”
It was a portal stone.
]]]