## The Giant Island (6)
KWAANG-! KWAANG-! KWAANG-!
The black sphere, no longer content with merely cascading down, clung to me, throwing the creature off balance. It stumbled forward and crashed to the ground.
KUUUNG-!
Another cloud of dust billowed up. 
[WOOAAAH—!!]
“BEHEL—LAAAAH—!!”
I used every tactic at my disposal to keep the beast down—a hammer blow to its skull, a grip on its ankle, another slam against the ground. It remained on the ground, struggling to rise.
“Wh, what kind of fight is this…?”
“Armin, can we help?”
“Let’s observe for now… .”
How long had we been fighting this way? I lost track of time.
“Erwen Fornaci di Tercia has cast [Concentrated Shot].”
Erwen's arrow glimmered with a powerful light. 
She had already summoned the spirit king, depleting her MP. With [Chaos Circuit] active, she had fully charged [Concentrated Shot], and even then, it had been over a minute. 
—————!
The arrow shot out, bathing the world in white. And then…
[………!!]
The center of the giant's head. Right between its eyes—if it were human—a large hole appeared.
“…Did we do it?”
However, I didn't harbor the same naive hope as the explorers who were watching from afar. This wasn't just any creature. We didn't even know its passive skills yet. Some monsters could survive with their heads chopped off—
“I, it’s moving…!”
Ah, I knew it. 
[WOOAAAH—!!]
The creature with a hole in its head roared in agony and curled up on the ground. The same pose it had been in when I first saw it, sleeping.
At least this gave me a new skill to learn. Not about its passive, unfortunately, but…
“Hiphramaent has cast [Crouch].”
I couldn't believe it had this skill. 
I quickly issued an order.
“Cease fire!”
The reason was simple. 
We only stood to lose from this. 
“All resistances increased 20 times for 3 minutes.”
“Natural regeneration increased 20 times for 3 minutes.”
“All stats significantly increase until the battle ends, proportional to the amount of damage taken while crouching.” 
This was essentially an invincible move, one of the active skills wielded by ogres, the most challenging aspect of ogre raids. 
The problem for tanks, however, was that it was an incredibly risky move. While [Crouch] was an S-class survival skill…
If the tank fell asleep and woke up, they'd likely find their comrades long gone. 
Of course, monsters were a different matter. 
1 minute, 2 minutes…
As time passed, the hole in its head was healing, growing new flesh. 
Exactly 3 minutes later.
The creature slowly uncurled from its crouched position. 
All visible wounds had completely healed.
[WOOAAAH…!!]
The beast, having awakened from its slumber, made a move to flee.
However…
‘Not a chance.’
The shackles we had placed on its ankles during its crouch—restraints from the psionicist and the sorceress. With my active interference, it was unable to escape. It finally seemed to understand the situation.
KWAANG-!
Forgoing escape, the Hiphramaent charged at us, determined to fight to the death.
Finally, it resembled a normal raid. Its aggro was properly fixed on me, its threat level applying as it should during battle.
“Attack!”
Dozens of explorers, from their respective formations, began dealing damage. The beast retaliated, using various active skills.
“Hiphramaent has cast [Final Roar].”
“Hiphramaent has cast [Gravity Field].”
The wide-range damage and crowd control skills mentioned in the village chief's book. With countermeasures in place, the skills caused no damage.
HWIYOO—WOONG-!
The meteor from the sky was guarded by sorcerers using barriers. The [Gravity Field] aura, which could pull enemies within a certain radius, was countered by all explorers, who prioritized rescuing each other and minimizing damage.
“Muil Armin has cast [Oversensitive Skin].”
“Target's damage increased by 30%.”
“Jackson Zanvil has cast [Moving Target].”
“Attacking a moving target increases the next attack's damage by three times.”
“Nua Merbochi has cast [Precise Shot]… .”
“……. ”
We had been fighting for over ten minutes with dozens of people when the giant deployed a new skill.
It wasn't a passive, but…
“Hiphramaent has cast [Body Compression].”
It was a transformation skill. Unlike [Gigantification], its size shrunk by half, increasing stats proportionally, a third-tier skill.
‘Even after using that, it's bigger than me.’
It wasn't particularly difficult to counter since I had experimented with this skill when combined with [Gigantification].
“Cease fire!”
We simply had to ignore it. Unlike [Gigantification], this skill had a set duration.
KWAANG-!
The giant's fist was twice as powerful and fast as before. 
I stepped back and moved the melee class members away from the fight, facing it alone.
KWAJIG-!
Each blow cracked my bones…
SSWAAAH—!!
But our expedition had healers. 
A priestess and a healing magician. They focused on healing me, and due to the 'Recovery' special stat, their healing was amplified, letting me quickly recover from my shattered body even as it was destroyed. 
The sharp pain was a different matter, though.
“EUAAAH—!!”
All I had to do was grit my teeth and endure.
“Body Compression” has been deactivated.”
As time passed, the [Body Compression] pattern, which could be considered a kind of enraged state, ended, and the creature's body returned to its original size.
The melee dealers, who had stepped back, rushed forward again, dealing damage.
KUUUNG-!
One ankle completely shattered, and the giant collapsed to its knees. The melee dealers now aimed for its weak points.
The giant was now utterly crippled.
“Almost done!”
“Don’t let your guard down!”
The explorers, seeing the tide turning, began to believe in victory. But I was anxious.
It had already been 25 minutes.
‘The cooldown on [Crouch] is 30 minutes.’
It would use [Crouch] again in just 5 minutes. 
We’d have to repeat this whole process again.
In reality, it would be a raid failure by that point. 
We had used our MP freely this time, so it would take much longer to whittle down its HP again. 
‘We know we can't kill it if our damage is insufficient, so we’ll definitely get it next time… but… ‘
Still, this kind of failure is frustrating. 
Should I use it? 
My deliberation was brief. My decision, even faster.
“Misha! Amelia! Combine!”
Unfortunately, the two, currently ranking 1st and 2nd in melee DPS on our team, didn't understand what I meant.
“…Uhh? Com, combine?”
Misha, holding a sword in each hand, looked confused. Amelia stared at me from afar, wondering what in the world I was talking about.
Come on, you should be able to understand that.
“Just come here!”
Still, they stopped what they were doing and ran to me, responding to my call. 
Instead of explanations, I took action. You can’t hold anything new if you already have something in your hands.
I first discarded my hammer and shield.
“Uhh?”
“What are you doing…!”
With my remaining hand, I grasped Misha and Amelia by the waist. And then…
SUEEK.
I positioned myself as if I were holding a sword in each hand, gripping Misha and Amelia.
The Barbarian Samurai Mode.
“Yandel… you’re not…?”
Amelia finally seemed to realize what I was doing.
“Just activate your auras. I’ll handle the rest.”
“Stop it! What are you doing—!”
“Misha, you hold your swords properly too.”
“Uh? Oh, okay!”
Alright. Permission granted.
I began to swing Misha’s swords and Amelia’s daggers. 
Why couldn't they deal critical damage?
It was because the giant was so huge that they were only able to hit its lower parts.
But…
‘This changes things.’
PWOOK-!
Amelia’s dagger, held in my right hand, pierced deep into the giant’s flesh. The dagger itself was short, but the aura extended far, so it didn’t matter.
After all, it wasn’t just one dagger.
SERGEK-!
Misha’s sword, held in my left hand, slashed across the giant’s neck.
While less effective at slicing than Amelia’s daggers, Misha’s sword had a different advantage.
Misha wielded the ice attribute.
ZZIZIG—
A cold ice sheet spread over the wound.
I struck the same spot again, and the ice sheet shattered, widening the wound.
It didn't budge when I hit it with my hammer.
‘This is… the feel of a dealer…?’
Something hot surged from my dantian.
“BEHEL—LAAAAH—!!”
I roared without holding back, swinging the swords I held in both hands.
And then, I realized.
Wait a minute.
Misha is a dual swordsman, and Amelia is a dual dagger wielder.
“Dual Blades…?”
As I muttered, Amelia's dagger seemed to express hostility towards me.
“…I’ll kill you.”
Tch. Was it a cursed weapon?
I was concerned about the aftermath, but Amelia diligently activated her aura in time with my swings, and even if she was just close by, she moved her left and right arms, swinging her daggers vigorously.
1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes…
[WOOAAAH… .]
The giant, slashed primarily around its neck and heart, finally…
KUUUUNG-!
Crashed to the ground with a deafening roar.
With about 40 seconds remaining until the cooldown on [Crouch] reset.
SUEEK.
I was about to swing Amelia’s dagger to finish it off…
“…Why did you stop?”
Amelia questioned me when I stopped moving my hand.
I didn't answer. 
“….”
The thought suddenly hit me. 
I just need to kill it now.
There were two types of monsters on the 1st floor.
Regular monsters that dropped stones and essence. 
And special monsters that left behind their corpses upon defeat.
Hiphramaent was the latter. 
However…
‘Regular monsters that drop stones and essence sometimes leave behind their corpses if you use [Distortion] magic.’
Sorcerers can’t fully explain the principle of ‘Distortion’ magic.
Just like how hitting flint against stone creates fire in ancient times.
They simply use the phenomenon without fully understanding it.
So, I suddenly became curious.
‘What happens when you use [Distortion] magic on a monster that leaves behind its corpse?’
It seemed worthwhile to experiment.
After all, I already had a ton of specimens of its corpse.
“Bersil, use [Distortion] magic!”
I gave the order, and soon a transparent barrier enveloped the giant’s body.
I swung Amelia’s daggers and Misha’s swords simultaneously. 
PWOOK-!
As the four blades pierced the giant’s body, it let out a heavy sigh, collapsing.
And then…
SSWAAAH—
The giant’s body turned into a beam of light and dissipated.
***
“Hiphramaent has been defeated.”
“No. 9999, Beginner’s Luck activated.”
***
The moment Hiphramaent’s massive body vanished into a light, I felt no experience points coming in.
But something fell from the empty air.
TUK.
A giant stone the size of my fist. 
But no one paid it any attention. 
Why would anyone care about a mere stone?
“…Essence.”
“Essence…!”
Essence dropped.
Could Beginner’s Luck really have activated?
I had only wanted to check if the corpse would disappear or not. I had no idea essence would drop too.
“Everyone, back off!!!!”
I shouted, and the melee warriors, who had been entranced by the sight of the essence, recoiled.
“Ah, no. I was just going to look… . ”
“Just get out of the way!”
My shout made the space around the essence clear. I calmed down a little and began to organize my thoughts.
It was good that the essence dropped, but I was also slightly disappointed.
‘Green… it’s not green… .’
The [Gigantification] essence from the Orc Hero was green, so this was likely not [Gigantification].
‘Azure blue… maybe it's [Crouch]?’
What should I do?
Should I just store it in a test tube?
‘Hmm, maybe I should feed it to Ainart… but… I don’t know what its passive is, so I shouldn’t feed it to her yet.’
I was conflicted. 
[Crouch] itself was very suitable for Ainart. It could solve the Barbarian Warrior’s perennial problem of survivability…
‘If I feed it to Ainart, I can experiment to some extent and figure out its passive and the basic stats attached to the essence… .’
If she reached the ninth stage of the Undead Mark, it could even be used in combination.
In that sense, if I was going to feed it to Ainart, it would be good to feed it to her now. It would save me test tube money… 
Hmm, what should I do?
“Ainart!”
“Yes?”
“Do you want this essence?”
I first confirmed her intentions, and as expected, she responded immediately.
“…I, I want it!!!”
“We still don't know what its soul essence is or what its basic stats are.”
“Th, that’s okay!!”
Well… I can just erase the passive and stats at the temple later if they’re bad. 
I had a general idea about the passive, anyway.
“Alright, you can have it.”
“Re, really!!”
“No one else has any objections?”
I asked the members of Armin’s expedition, who owned a 30% share of the spoils, but Muil Armin showed no objections.
“It’s yours, sir.”
“That’s good to hear.”
“It would be the same even if it wasn’t.”
“Huh?”
“…It’s just that we wouldn’t be so shameless.”
Why’s she suddenly lost so much self-confidence?
I didn’t know, but the essence owner had been decided, so there was no reason to drag it out any longer.
“Bjorn… c, can I eat it now…?”
“Yes, eat it.”
As soon as I nodded, Ainart rushed to the essence, her face filled with excitement.
“Ainart Pnlerin’s soul absorbs the [Hiphramaent Essence].”
That’s how Ainart Pnlerin learned [Crouch]. 