## Escape Plan (3)
The Soul's Surge.
Explorers have diverse ways of describing the unique feeling that washes over them when they level up. Some describe it as a sense of fullness, like their stomachs being stretched to the limit. Others experience a sense of overflowing love, like their hearts are overflowing with joy. Some even compare it to waking up with a hangover. But in conversation, they invariably end up agreeing on one particular description. Though difficult to put into words, it’s like something from the outside world seeps into their being, intensifying their very essence. This feeling was remarkably clear even in the midst of battle.
“Behel—laaaaaaaa—!!!”
I had reached level 8. 
Much faster than I had anticipated. To be honest, before descending to the first floor, I thought it would take me a year at least.
‘Could I get two more Essence Cores now?’
My growth was simply abnormal, even in my own estimation.  According to guild statistics, the average time it takes to progress from level 7 to level 8 is about 6 years. This data only considers those who successfully broke through their limitations and reached level 8. Those who retired from their explorer lives at level 7 were not included—.
*콰직-*
I halted my thoughts and swung my hammer.
‘Thinking can wait.’
With the Orc warrior vanishing into light behind me, I swiftly scanned the battlefield, assessing the situation.
“Huff… Huff… ”
It had only been 30 minutes since the rain of monsters had begun. The expressions of the explorers and monster warriors battling fiercely under the barrier, which stretched like an umbrella above us, were marked with exhaustion.
But, even in this situation.
“Essence…! An Essence Core has appeared!”
“Ugh… ! Whose was it? Did anyone see? Did anyone see?”
“…I, I saw it! It was from the Drake!”
“It’s a 4th grade! What are you all doing? Hurry up and collect it!”
When an Essence Core dropped, a magician would rush forward, extending a vial. While they collected the Essence, the explorers and warriors desperately protected the magician.
“Hey! What are you doing? Now’s not the time to collect the Soulstone!  Go on!”
“A… Ah! I was just making sure it wouldn’t be a tripping hazard… Yes, sir!”
The bizarre spectacle of an explorer treating the Soulstone like a precious gem. Well, what else can they do?  Collecting Soulstones along with the Essence would mean double the workload. Unlike the Essence Cores, these stones don't disappear, so collecting them after the rain ends would be enough—.
*콰아아아아아앙-*
At that moment, something colossal descended onto the barrier above us. The impact was so immense that even though it had landed on the barrier, the shockwaves alone were enough to shake the earth.
[*Uuuuuuuuurr—!] *
Looking up to see what it was, I locked eyes with the giant staring down at me from the cracked barrier.
“Hiphramajent…!”
Ah, so it was the giant again. It had been a while since it dropped from the sky.
*찌지직-*
“Sir! The barrier damage exceeds 70%!”
The giant had landed right above us, leaving us barely enough time to hold out against the rain of monsters. We had been able to fight against falling monsters from the sky thanks to this giant umbrella.
“I… I, Sir! We should make do with this and retreat to the village for repairs—.”
“Everyone stay put!”
“And what about you, Sir?”
“I’ll detach that thing from the barrier first.”
With those words, I stepped outside the barrier.
*쿠웅! 콰앙! 퍼억-*
Head, back, shoulders, waist…
As soon as I stepped out, the falling monsters from the sky collided with my body, which was in a [Giant] state, transferring the impact of their descent. It was quite a strange experience.
*솨아아아아아아아-*
Just by hitting my body, the monsters were instantly killed and vanished. If I had built a maximum reflection setup, would every battle be like this?
Regardless of these pointless thoughts, I moved cautiously. I didn't want to accidentally step on an Essence Core. Unless you were a saint or a holy maiden, Essence Cores could only be removed at the temple.
‘Heave-ho.’
I easily leapt onto the semi-transparent barrier. The explorers below looked up at me, buzzing with whispers.
“…The Baron has gone up onto the barrier!”
“What on earth… is he trying to do?”
“We can’t help him in this state… .”
Well, you’ll see if you just watch.
[*Uuurr...?*]
I grabbed the Hiphramajent's hair with both hands, its massive body sprawled across the barrier. And then…
“The Baron is pulling the giant off the barrier!”
“Is… Is that even possible?”
“I have to say… He’s no ordinary man.”
Utilizing the slope of the barrier, which acted like a roof, I used all my might to pull the creature off.
[*U, Uuurrrr—!!!*]
The creature, confused by the unprecedented situation, began to thrash about. However, this ultimately worked in my favor.
*콰앙-*
While trying to lift its large body from the barrier, the creature slipped and rolled down to the ground below.
*찌지직-*
The barrier suffered further damage in the process, but it was an unavoidable problem.
[*U, Uuurrrr—!!!*]
Lying on the ground below the barrier, the creature let out a roar, as if protesting its misfortune. 
What a hypocrite. It's like the one who farted is the one getting angry.
‘Where can I go to market this?’
I met its roar head-on, without batting an eyelid. In fact, I responded with an even louder shout.
“Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh—!!!”
Did this action make the creature realize that I was not an easy opponent?
“…Th, The giant is retreating!”
“The giant’s cowering before the Baron’s might!”
The giant creature, staring at me, began to slowly retreat from its prone position. 
I could feel it was testing me. So I quickly raised my hammer and swung it at its nose.
*퍼억-*
It didn't seem like I had dealt much damage.
However, for a creature like Hiphramajent, this was enough.
[*U… Uuurrr—!!!*]
The giant turned around and started running away.
“Th, The giant’s fleeing!”
Go on, get out of here. You coward—.
*번뜩-*
Huh?
I turned around at the sudden flash of light.
*휘유우우우우우우웅-*
A sword, shining white, shot out like a spear, in a straight line.
And then…
*푹-*
The sword sank into the giant’s neck.
*콰콰콰콰콰아아앙-*
The creature exploded.
[Hiphramajent has been slain.]
The giant creature, its head severed before it could cast its distortion magic, collapsed to the ground.
“It… It’s dead?”
That thing, in one hit...?
“….”
“….”
All of the explorers, myself included, swallowed hard, gazing in one direction. 
Specifically, the point from which the sword had been thrown.
“Why are you all looking at me? Didn't you want to catch it?”
The village elder stood there.
With the same emotionless expression as always.
***
A village inhabited by monsters who called themselves human.
And the elder of that village, the Dragonslayer Cornelius Bruengrid.
The truth is, I had brought him along on this Burning Event to verify his abilities indirectly.
However…
‘What’s with this guy…?’
The skill he had shown us for the first time was beyond shocking.
Even Erwen couldn't kill it in one hit. 
‘I knew there must be some kind of secret technique hidden… ’
But I never imagined he would be this kind of monster.
For some reason, I felt a chill run down my spine.
“What’s the matter? Didn’t I tell you that you need to become stronger if you want to escape? Are you going to turn back here?”
“…I’d never do that.”
I didn't feel it was the right time to think about the elder's abilities. Right now, I had to focus on dealing with the monsters.
And after a while.
“Sir! We can’t hold out any longer!”
“…We’re retreating to the village.”
We had held out on the barrier until it was about to collapse. Once again, we descended to the village.
And then…
“Everyone rest!”
We took a break at the entrance and focused on repairs.
The magician was meditating, restoring their MP.
The priests and healers healed the wounded. Versil took the lead in counting the casualties.
“Casualties?”
“There are 12 injured. Three minor, and nine major.”
“Were there any fatalities?”
“Some of the village warriors seem to have died… . But none of ours.”
“Good.”
As the conversation reached that point, the elder appeared behind me, his presence unnoticed.
“It’s all done.”
Whoa, jump scare!
“All… done?”
“I mean, I’ve closed the entrance to the village. We can’t go outside until the rain stops.”
Ah, that’s what he meant.
“Is it impossible to open and close it?”
“It’s impossible.”
It was a bummer in many ways.
If it were possible, I could’ve sent out a small elite force to collect the Essence Cores that weren't owned by anyone.
‘I was told that it’s also impossible to leave the entrance open and hunt monsters below the village.  The ‘gate’ would be permanently damaged…’
It was disappointing that the Burning Event ended this way, but I quickly dismissed any lingering thoughts.
There was something more urgent that I needed to know.
“Elder, what was that before?”
“What?”
“That glowing sword. I’ve never heard of anything like that before.”
“Oh, I see.”
“I see, you say—.”
Before I could ask further, the elder cut me off.
“But, do I have to tell you first?”
“Well… .”
I mean, you have a point.
I stuttered in confusion for a moment, and the elder stared me straight in the eye, saying.
“As you said, there was a deal between us. We help you, and you find a way out of this place.”
“…And then?”
“You focus on what you have to do. Don’t let your curiosity stray to irrelevant things.”
Just focus on your own business…
It wasn’t a wrong statement, but why did it sound so rude?
“A lot of warriors died or got injured this time. I’m going to go tend to them now.”
“Oh, okay.”
“Come see me when you have time. We’ll talk more then.”
After the elder left with the warriors, we headed towards our lodgings in the village.
Immediately, we started settling our loot.
“Here’s a list of the Essence Cores we’ve acquired this time.”
Let’s see…
“Two 3rd grades, seven 4th grades, and one 5th grade… .”
It’s an unreal amount of loot.
We hadn’t even spent two hours outside since the rain started. And this wasn’t even all we'd gotten from this battle.
“Oh, and Tersia and Roclob’s Soul Surges have increased during the battle.”
Auyen, now at level 7, was one thing. But Erwen reaching level 8, gaining another level, was a big deal.
It meant there was an empty slot in her fully filled Essence Core.
“My Soul Surge increased too.”
When I revealed that I had also leveled up, the place became noisy.
“What? Bjorn! Is that true?”
“We had three level-ups all at once. Should we have a feast tonight?”
“Feast, my ass… .”
Normally, when a fellow party member levels up, a simple ‘ㅊㅊ’ is the standard protocol.
“Ugh… I thought I was finally catching up, but I’m falling behind again!”
Ainar clenched his fist, looking upset.
She was still at level 7.
Ah, although she's not far from leveling up.
She'll probably be the next one to level up.
“Congratulations… Bjorn.”
At that moment, Misha came up to me and offered her congratulations.
Unlike Ainar, she wasn't displaying any impatience.
Well, she’s already at level 8.
It's a natural outcome after being carried by Baekho for over two years.
Oh, and Amelia is at a full level 8.
She was at level 8 right after meeting me on the second floor. Maybe she’ll reach level 9 by the time we leave here…
“So this is why everyone is so desperate to explore new areas? Our clan’s growth rate is ridiculous… .”
Once Ainar hits level 8, our 7-member clan will have five level 8s.
If we fill all the empty Essence Core slots, we'll be even stronger than we are now.
“Anyway, let’s get started on the distribution… .”
After we finished tallying up our harvest, we started the settlement process, led by Versil. 
There was nothing we wanted to take priority, so we started with the Armin Exploration Team, who had a 30% share of the exploration income.
“We would like to take the Essence Core of Larkrel, Malaka, and the Demon Tracker.”
We gave them one 3rd grade Essence Core and two 4th grade Essence Cores as a fair deal. Next was the Hekts Clan.
Well, they’re basically unpaid slaves…
“You guys choose too. Anything you want?”
“Eh? Can we really?”
“We’re fellow warriors who fought together. And the stronger you are, the easier it is for us. So don't think of it as money, choose the Essence Cores you need.”
We have to give them a decent welfare package to avoid problems later.
“Then… We’ll take these three Essence Cores.”
After consulting among themselves, the Hekts Clan chose two 4th grades and one 5th grade.
Did they choose not to take any 3rd grades out of a sense of final conscience?
‘I should keep this for now.’
After the settlement, we had some free time.
The explorers, exhausted from the previous battle, dispersed and rested. 
Those who acquired new Essence Cores, despite their exhaustion, excitedly went off to test them.
“It’s been a while since we were just among ourselves.”
“I know.”
“Yande, when will you go see the elder?”
“I'll rest today, and go tomorrow.”
“I see… .”
“By the way, the Silver Lion Clan never showed up.”
“They’re probably dead. They were greedy for more than they could handle.”
We all ate together and chatted, before doing whatever we pleased.
“I’m going to explore a bit.”
“Do you need help?”
“Sure.”
Amelia and Erwen went out to scout.
“Can I go out too? I’m not tired at all… .”
Ainar went out, claiming she was going to see his monster friend who worked in the blacksmith’s shop.
“Bjorn… I’m going to rest. See you later… .”
“I’m exhausted too… from that whole ordeal.”
Misha and Auyen went to their rooms to sleep.
Before long, it was just Versil and me in the living room.
“What about you?”
“I’m going to meditate some more. I overused my magic earlier, and I have a bit of a headache.”
“I see.”
“What about you, Yande?”
“I’m going to read a book and then sleep.”
With those words, I went into my room and turned on the magic lamp, opening a book.
For some reason, I couldn’t focus on the contents of the book.
‘Cornelius Bruengrid.’
Just how strong is this guy?
He probably still has all the Essence Cores he possessed in his human form.
Could we beat him if we all attacked together?
No, even if we did.
‘What if he tries to kill us…?’
Could I protect my companions then?
I tossed and turned, lost in thought, before falling asleep on my desk.
“Yande, wake up.”
“…Huh?”
When I woke up, Amelia was shaking my shoulder.
At first, I thought she was coming to my bed, as usual, to nag me about my sleeping habits…
‘But that look in her eyes… She only makes that face when something’s gone down.’
“…What is it?”
I quickly regained my composure and asked. Amelia placed a steel dagger on my desk.
“What’s this?”
“It’s a weapon I found in this village’s blacksmith’s shop.”
“Oh… But why?”
I tilted my head in confusion, and Amelia gestured towards the dagger, implying I should take a closer look.
I carefully examined the dagger.
“….”
A shiver ran down my spine.
“You… You found this in the blacksmith’s shop?”
The dagger had the Silver Lion Clan’s crest engraved on it. 