## Escape Plan (4)
A dagger bearing the emblem of the Silver Lion Clan. Why was it here? As the question formed in my mind, a possibility naturally arose.
"If you're referring to the Silver Lion Clan, they left the island not long after you did. And they haven't returned."
The possibility that the village chief's previous statement was false. Perhaps, instead of not returning, the Silver Lion Clan had crossed an uncrossable river. By someone's hand.
"..."
"..."
Judging by Amelia's expression, she seemed to be thinking along the same lines.
"Was there anything else besides the dagger?"
"That's all. At least, so far as I know."
"I see…"
It was too early to draw any conclusions. Perhaps the dagger had been accidentally left behind, or the monsters had stealthily taken it. Or maybe they had sold it to the monsters.
In other words, if you wanted to spin a hopeful narrative, there were plenty of ways to do so.
However…
"This is getting complicated."
When a variable arises, it's always prudent to assume the worst.
"You saw him. He's dangerous."
The village chief's power went beyond the term "monster." He had instantly killed a Hipramagiant with a single thrown sword. If that sword had been aimed at me, would I have survived?
Uncertainty led me to confirm this first.
"Does anyone know about the dagger being taken?"
"No one should know yet. I discovered it while checking on Pnellin, seeing if he had caused any trouble."
"Can we put it back without anyone noticing?"
There was no need for long explanations.
"If it's now."
"Please."
"Understood."
Amelia took the dagger, tucking it back into its place. She already knew, I realized. That clashing with the village chief at this point carried immense risk.
"We're stuck in this village until the rain season ends."
The village chief harbored secrets. That much was clear. But we were not yet prepared to handle them.
***
The day after Amelia returned the dagger to the forge.
"Starting today, investigate the Silver Lion Clan's whereabouts. Be as discreet as possible. Don't tell Ainar, Bersil, Erwen, or anyone else."
"What about you, Yandell?"
"I'm going to meet the village chief."
After assigning Amelia a new task, I headed towards the village chief's manor.
"You've arrived earlier than I expected."
"I have nothing better to do except rest."
"I'd offer you some tea, but there's no such thing in this village. Have a seat."
Perhaps it was because of the Silver Lion Clan's dagger? Even though we were having a casual conversation like before, I couldn't help but tense my muscles.
Thump-
It felt like I was standing before a psychopath, a serial killer. However, I tried my best to conceal my discomfort and act naturally. Deception was my forte, after all.
"So, what do you want to talk about? You wouldn't have called me out here just for a chat, would you?"
"Hm, it's ambiguous, but I suppose it could be considered business."
The village chief turned to me, his voice as usual, monotone.
"Bjorn Yandell. I'm curious about you."
"..."
"Is it strange? Perhaps I'm interested in the explorer who might be able to get me out of this place?"
"It's not strange, but…"
The subject was unexpected, but I swiftly made a decision. The Silver Lion Clan was one thing, and this was another.
"Why should I tell you anything you're curious about?"
I paraphrased my previous response, adding a subtle twist.
"Before, you told me not to be curious about inappropriate things, and just focus on my work."
I intentionally spoke with a touch of insolence, but to my surprise, the village chief didn't show any offense.
"That's true, too."
In fact, he accepted it so easily that I felt embarrassed.
"How about we exchange answers to our curiosities? I'm sure you have many questions for me as well."
Hm…
A truth game, one-on-one…
"Fine."
My hesitation was brief. The world wasn't designed to be as easy as to get what you want without any risks.
"This is becoming a familiar situation."
I quickly took the initiative.
"May I ask the first question?"
"Go ahead."
"Do you still possess the essences you had as a human?"
This was the most important question at this point. 
The essences Brunngrid possessed during his lifetime were quite famous.
Like other legendary heroes, his essence combinations were passed down to future generations as a form of "legacy."
Well, not all of the essences he owned were known.
But even knowing this alone would give me a rough idea of how strong he was.
"Not anymore."
Hm, not anymore?
"Then what was that shining sword yesterday?"
"Now it's my turn."
"..."
"Ask away."
I gave up my turn without protest. Even through his questions, there was something to be gained.
What would the village chief ask first? 
Curiosity mounting, the village chief slowly opened his mouth.
"How old are you?"
It was completely unexpected.
"My age…?"
"Was it a difficult question?"
"..."
"Twenty-four."
I answered honestly, despite the feeling of being caught off guard.
"Why are you asking my age? Are you trying to lull me into a false sense of security before you ask an important question later?"
It felt unsettling, but nonetheless, giving away information like my age wasn't a bad move.
"You're much younger than I thought. To have achieved such skill at your age, and to have established a noble family… truly remarkable."
I ignored the flattery and took my turn.
"If you didn't inherit your power from your human days, did you acquire it on this island?"
Those who called themselves "humans" were unique creatures. 
They had passive and active skills from birth.
This was the same characteristic as other monsters.
But…
"That's correct. Time was all I had, and as you saw, this island is teeming with monsters."
They could absorb essences, despite this.
However, they couldn't level up, and the number of essence slots each individual had varied from three to seven, depending on their innate attributes.
"It's hard to tell if I should consider them monsters or not."
Honestly, it wasn't unreasonable to consider them just another race, like elves, dwarves, barbarians, or beastfolk.
The races of Laphdonia had their own unique characteristics as well.
Elves controlled spirits, barbarians strengthened themselves through soul engravings. Dwarves received buffs from their equipment, and beastfolk enhanced themselves with spirit water.
And in that sense…
"They have predetermined levels at birth, and start with one race-specific essence."
Depending on the perspective, it could be categorized as a "race-specific trait."
But...
"The monster stones were extracted."
I had seen the bodies of the deceased monster warriors turn into light and disappear.
And if you saw that… they were monsters, but…
"What does it matter?"
I quickly ended my biological analysis of whether they could be defined as monsters.
It was time for the village chief's turn.
"Tell me about your first foray into the maze."
"..."
"Why are you so curious about that?"
"To understand you."
"It would be too long to tell you everything."
"I have plenty of time. You, however, might not. You can just summarize."
"..."
"Alright, if that's the case."
I then told him about a few episodes from my first exploration, gaining my turn back.
"Now, what to ask?"
I was struggling to come up with a question. 
I wanted to ask him about the Silver Lion Clan's dagger, how it ended up in the forge, but...
I wouldn't get a proper answer.
I wasn't sure if the 'broken trust' principle was working either, and bringing up the dagger again would only make it harder to find the truth.
Therefore, I decided on this question.
"Tell me about the Immortal King."
"The Immortal King…?"
The supposed ancient hero.
If it was true, I might be able to learn about the secrets of the past through him. Even if it was a lie, I could use it to get closer to the village chief's true identity.
"The founding king of Laphdonia."
"Ah, you're talking about the Lord? However, it would be quite a long story to tell you everything about him. Are you sure it's okay?"
"I have nothing but time right now."
"Hm… it's too broad. I don't know where to start. The Lord was a very lucky man."
"...Lucky?"
"That's right. The Lord was an ordinary man. But… he had the most talented mage in this world as a friend."
"You're talking about the Grand Sage."
The village chief nodded and continued.
"The Grand Sage had long foreseen the destruction and prepared for it. He convinced his friend, the Lord, and spent his entire family fortune preparing for that day.  "What a foolish thing for that stupid Lord to do," everyone snickered and ridiculed them, the aristocrats of the entire continent."
But after the destruction came true, the narrative changed completely.
"The King of a neighboring country, the continent's greatest swordsman, the mage of Inkarun… without a second thought, they all gathered whatever they could and headed towards the place. And they knelt down, begging to be allowed in."
The Lord and the Grand Sage strictly selected refugees based on their criteria.
And…
"That's how Laphdonia was born."
"Wait, what about Noirarc?"
"..."
"The city underground. There's also a portal to the maze there."
"Ah, you're talking about the underground shelter. I've never been there myself, but I've heard of its existence."
Hm… shelter...
"Sorry for interrupting. Go on."
"...Anyway, with so many people trapped in the city, supplies quickly dwindled. And then, the Grand Sage finally created a portal to another dimension."
That was the maze.
The unknown land filled with monsters.
The initial plan was to relocate the entire city to this new land.
"To carry out the relocation plan, the Grand Sage formed an expedition team, and I was fortunate enough to join it."
The expedition team began exploring the maze.
And thanks to the mages' research, they realized the value of the monster stones, and the relocation plan was scrapped.
The monster stones.
They could be food, water, and even iron. They were an all-purpose material.
"With that, the city stabilized, and a foundation for eternal survival was established. The city grew bigger, and the single portal multiplied. However, if you ask me what the Lord did during all of this, I have no answer."
All the achievements belonged to the Grand Sage, and the Lord was simply the luckiest man in the world.
That was the village chief's assessment.
"For someone so 'lucky,' he's awfully suspicious."
I wanted to ask another question, but unfortunately, it was his turn again.
"What was your second exploration like?"
The village chief again asked about my exploration stories. I told him, wary of his intentions.
"The Bloodstained Fortress... what a nostalgic name. Interesting story. I've heard enough."
"Now it's my turn."
Hmph, what to ask next?
After a moment of contemplation, I decided to ask a question that could be a bit sensitive.
"How did the Immortal King achieve eternal life?"
It was a question related to the power of the royal family, but it also allowed me to probe Cornelius Brunngrid.
What kind of answer would the village chief give me?
With eager anticipation, I pricked up my ears.
Knock, knock.
From the entrance, a knock echoed, followed by an ancient language.
[Village chief, I have something urgent to tell you.]
"My apologies. Let's continue this conversation another time."
The village chief dismissed me. I had no choice but to leave his manor. As I opened the door, I saw a familiar monster.
"That's Marupichi's dad."
The creature was a respected warrior in the village, almost like the village chief's right-hand man.
"..."
[...]
We exchanged awkward eye contact and I passed him, heading towards my lodgings. 
As I walked, my thoughts raced.
"Urgent business..."
It seemed something truly important had come up, enough for him to come looking for the village chief.
I wonder what it was. 
***
My conversation with the village chief was suspicious in many ways.
"...Asking my age."
His intention was completely unclear. If he was truly that interested in me, he could have just interrogated the Silver Lion Clan.
"Maybe I'm completely on the wrong track?"
Perhaps the dagger found in the forge wasn't significant. Maybe they really did leave the village and never returned. 
But…
Thump-
Those thoughts were incredibly dangerous.
I changed my direction of thought and reviewed today's conversation.
"The village chief asked my age."
Why?
Was he genuinely curious about my age?
"No way."
Even without interrogating the Silver Lion Clan, the village chief could have easily learned that.
Which means...
"He's lying about being curious about me."
But why did he propose this truth game? 
It was like paying a gold coin for a slice of bread...
"Wait a minute."
My thoughts took a sharp turn, thunder rumbling in my mind.
"Maybe... that was the point."
To give me the "gold coin."
In other words, using the truth game as an excuse to naturally provide "information."
If that was his goal, it made sense.
"That shining sword... now that I think about it, there was no need to show it to me at all."
I didn't know about the village chief's strength. 
He could have easily concealed his power if he wanted to.
Yet, the village chief killed the giant with a single strike in front of me.
"In other words, it was all intentional."
I still didn't know what his purpose was.
I needed more information. I had to talk to the village chief more to get closer to the truth.
But…
Day after day, I visited the village chief's manor, hoping to find a clue, but it was always empty. When I asked the village monsters about him, they just said he was busy.
"Is he avoiding me? Or does he really have urgent business?"
My doubts grew with each passing day. 
"Yandell..."
"What is it?"
"Amelia Rains is missing. Usually, she comes back by this time, but I thought maybe she was here."
Bersil reported that Amelia had not returned, and I tried to suppress my anxiety and wait until the next morning.
But…
"She's not coming."
I had no intention of wasting valuable time clinging to a false hope.
"Everyone, grab your tools."
Amelia had been searching the village every day for the missing dagger. Now, she was the one who had gone missing. 