## Rainbow (1)
The main street, stretching from the village chief's house to the entrance. I'm sprinting down it with all my might.
"Kuung-! Kuung-! Kuung-!"
The noise of my [Giant Growth] reverberates with every stride, echoing like a construction site, but I don't feel any guilt. It's not exactly prime sleeping time, and...
"Fire! Fire!..."
"Bring water!"
They're already busy putting out the fire, aren't they? Nobody would be bothered by a Barbarian stomping around. 
Wait, are they even humans?
As I pondered the same question I had asked myself countless times before, Bersil, perched on Ainar's shoulder, voiced her concerns.
"Are you sure this is okay?" she asked.
"What's okay?" I asked, genuinely confused. 
Bersil turned her head, gazing at the flames engulfing the village, now spreading from the center outwards.
"There were quite a few villagers who weren't warriors...," she whispered.
She's a little more sensitive than I expected. 
Even after seeing that fish-head, she still considers them the same as us.
"So?" I replied, annoyed at the interruption.
Bersil shut her mouth tight. Then...
"I...," Misha began, taking over.
"Why are you doing this? This isn't... you, Bjorn...," she trailed off.
"You're right! I'm curious too! What did you see down there that made you do this?" Ainar, her fighting spirit waning, still possessed that insatiable Barbarian curiosity.
"Human corpses," I said, choosing my words carefully.
That's all I saw down there. 
The village chief showed me the corpses, explaining the circumstances of their death, hoping it would alleviate my suspicions. 
Up to that point, everything was fine. But...
"[Considering we have our own secrets to keep, we'll overlook your colleague's violation of our village laws and the 'mistake' that resulted from it. What do you say?]"
Amelia declared that my actions, as well as the events surrounding Amelia's intrusion and my pulverizing of Nyachi's head, were to be disregarded.
Strange, isn't it?
My first-night companion, Hans A, had acted exactly like this. 
"[...Thankfully, there were no issues while you were sleeping. I won't say anything else.]"
Anyway, I learned my lesson that night. If someone is kind to me, it's because there's something they want from me.
And there's more I learned from experience. 
"[Why! Why did you hurt Elissa! What did we do to deserve this!...]"
Elissa, the priestess of Karui, whom I met in the labyrinth. I realized a simple truth while cracking her skull open, despite her guise as an ordinary priestess.
If someone seems suspicious, the best approach is to crack their head open.
However, I didn't see the need to recount all these details. While persuading them with a reasonable explanation wasn't entirely impossible, it was simply too much effort.
"Tell us. What did you see down there?" 
"Nothing much," I replied, echoing my answer to the village chief.
This time, one sentence was enough.
"I just felt like it."
A statement without any justification. 
Misha quietly murmured, "A gut feeling?" 
Intuition.
A calculated value derived from the massive database of experiences accumulated in my subconscious.
"A gut feeling!" Ainar nodded, seemingly satisfied with the explanation.
"Oh, well, that settles it then!" she exclaimed.
"Your intuition is always spot on, Bjorn. We've survived more than a few close calls thanks to you." Erwen chuckled in agreement, and Bersil added, "It must be for a reason if you feel that way. Honestly, I felt uneasy about the village chief too."
White Hects and Myl Armin, who had been stealthily running alongside us, listening in on our conversation, finally spoke. They hadn't been with me for long, but...
"I feel reassured by your words."
"Yandel Baron's beastly instincts are legendary."
They seemed to trust my reputation. It makes sense, given that most explorers subscribe to the philosophy that results are all that matter...
After all, explorers tend to be superstitious.
"They were all pretty strange," I said.
"This makes me feel much better. I haven't slept a wink from anxiety."
"Plus, you said you felt that way, right? It could even be a divine revelation. Ignoring that would've been even more worrisome!"
"Yeah, I know. Whenever I ignore those feelings, something bad always happens."
Everyone seemed to have felt a chilling presence.
I didn't plan on saying all that, but...
"Let's go!"
"Damn those monster bastards! Burn them all!"
Somehow, they were motivated, their spirits lifted.
My single word had erased all their doubts? 
They truly believe this is the right choice.
I wasn't completely convinced myself, though.
"They're a strange bunch," I mumbled, unable to contain my amusement.
Did they hear me?
"You're the strange one, Yandel. You managed to convince everyone with such nonsense."
That voice...
"You've always been like that. You always had that talent. Making everyone believe that wherever you go is the right answer."
"Emily?"
I turned my head sharply to see Amelia, perched on Auyen's back, gazing at me with her eyes open.
"You're awake? Why didn't you say anything?"
"Just now."
"How's your body? Are you alright?"
"I'm fine."
Amelia jumped off Auyen's back and began running.
"I have a general idea of the situation. You're trying to escape this village?"
"Yes."
"Haah… causing such a commotion while I was sleeping. Tell me everything. What happened?"
This wasn't the kind of conversation you have over tea and pastries, so I quickly briefed her on the essentials. 
"The village chief showed me the basement and I felt something fishy, so I cracked his skull open. Then I set the village on fire while we escaped. The chief is probably trying to chase after us through the flames."
I covered all the vital information.
Amelia was silent for a moment, seeming speechless, before finally speaking.
"...That's so you, Bjorn," she said.
I couldn't help but laugh.
I guess this is the first time I've heard someone call me 'Bjorn' in ages.
"Anyway, now it's your turn. What happened to you?"
"I went down to the basement and got caught. I was interrogated. That's all."
Hmm... so that's it.
I was hoping for more information, but it seemed like that was all. 
I don't know if getting more details would change anything given our current situation.
"Bjorn, we're here!"
But the real problems are just beginning.
This village was built underground, much like Noark. The only way out is through the exit...
"What now?"
The door is closed, and the only thing we can see is a solid wall of rock. 
Only the village chief has the authority to open and close the gate.
Officially, that is.
"Get out of the way."
I approached the wall, hammer in hand, as Bersil, the ex-mage, expressed her doubts.
"Will... will that even work?"
That's why you don't want people who only know books. 
"You'll see," I said, swinging my hammer with all my might. 
「The character has used the skill [Swing].」
KWAANG-!!
The surrounding smoke billowed outwards from the impact.
The wall, however, remained perfectly intact.
"...?"
"...It won't budge."
Well, I guess it won't.
The Barbarian, embarrassed.
"Don't worry. I have a plan."
"A plan?"
"Yeah."
Magic, skill, whatever.
There's nothing in this world that can't be broken with enough force. 
If it still won't break, then I haven't put in enough force. 
So, time for plan B.
"Erwen!"
I swung harder.
***
「Erwen Pornachi di Tersia has summoned [Dark Spirit King Dicloe].」
***
KWA-KWA-KWA-KWANG-!
Hundreds of dark orbs collided with the wall, creating an earsplitting roar.
But the wall held.
Right, this isn't going to work either. 
'[Swing] definitely wasn't going to work.'
The orbs chipped away at the rock, leaving small indentations, but the wall quickly restored itself, its restorative power impressive.
Maybe I need to focus on single-target damage instead of AoE...
"Erwen."
I didn't need to explain myself.
Just calling her name was enough. 
A powerful light began to gather on Erwen's arrow.
'[Right, there's nothing better for single-target damage than [Concentrated Fire].'
The only downside is it takes a significant amount of time to cast.
One second, two seconds, three seconds...
The arrow glowed brighter, more intense with each passing second.
How long has it been?
"Yandel."
"I don't need you to tell me. I can see it too."
Something is approaching rapidly from the direction of the village, engulfed in flames and smoke.
It began as a tiny speck, but it wasn't long before it grew into a large speck, taking shape. 
'...They won't let us escape easily?'
Well, it's still slower than I expected, so I'm not going to complain.
"Battle stations!!"
I yelled at the top of my lungs, preparing to meet my foe.
As I shifted my weight onto the shield protecting my upper body...
KWAANG-!!
The 'thing' charging towards us collided with my shield.
HWOONG-!
Smoke billowed out as if a bomb had exploded.
Our ranged attackers immediately launched their attacks: curses, wind spears, fireballs, arrows, energy blasts.
These were highly skilled explorers, and their projectiles zoomed forward in a straight line. Sadly, none of them hit their target.
SSAA-AA-AA-A-
Magic and abilities disappeared into a burst of light before they could reach the target. It was similar to the [Fire Command] used by the leader of the Orcullis, but there was a clear distinction. 
I could use my skills against this creature before.
So...
'If this isn't a Quiet Essence...,' I mused.
There was only one skill that could achieve similar results.
'Tol-Lapupa.'
The Tier 1 skill possessed by the Tier 1 monster, Tol-Lapupa.
[Cosmic Protection]
One of the most broken skills, capable of blocking all ranged projectile attacks.
[Cosmic Protection] is a passive skill, so I don't know what active skills the village chief might possess.
'I can't believe he has a Tier 1 Essence too.'
My shoulders felt heavy, but I still ordered the ranged attackers to cease fire.
No point in wasting MP at this point.
'...He's losing MP too, considering how many projectiles he blocked.'
This wasn't a situation for a protracted war. No reason to waste precious MP on a pointless attack.
I needed to save it for the mainland, where there would be plenty of monsters.
So...
"You're late, village chief."
I tried to start a conversation.
Every second I could buy for free was a win.
"[Someone needs to handle the mess you've made. So, here we are.]"
Oh, I didn't expect him to play along.
The village chief wasn't planning to give me much time.
"[It's raining outside. Where do you think you're going in such a hurry?]”
“This is for your own good,” he said. 
"For my own good?" I chuckled.
The chief's tone was one of finality.
"[It's not too late. If you stop now, I'll forget everything that happened today.]"
A tempting offer if I were a cornered rat, but it just solidified my conviction.
‘What if I’ve made the wrong choice? I’ve been worrying about that.’
I was right.
After all, who in their right mind would forgive someone for bashing their face in with a hammer and setting their village on fire?
Even without deciding to run tonight, something was bound to happen.
Therefore...
"Can I think about it for a moment?" 
I tried to stall for time, feigning consideration.
But the chief had learned a thing or two about me, a Barbarian. 
It's clear from his response:
"[Do you think I'm a fool?]”
"A little...," I said, testing the waters.
"[I'll count to three. Make your decision by then.]"
"Three's too few. Let's make it four."
The chief ignored me and continued counting.
"...Three."
Well, I guess that bought me a few seconds?
It's not like he's going to let me run until he's done counting, so it doesn't really matter.
"Two."
The chief uttered the next number.
TADAT.
I dashed forward.
Erwen still has a few more seconds to complete her skill.
If there's no escaping the fight, then...
"...."
Let's see what you got.
With the perspective of a seasoned gamer who's spent nine years mastering every possible combination in this game.
A character honed over countless eons, ready to show its true power.
And...
"BEHEL—RAAAAAAAA!!!"
Let's find your weakness. 