## Rainbow (2)
From level 1 to level 9.
An island where all kinds of monsters appear thanks to the characteristic "rainy season." The village chief had spent a time almost as long as eternity on this island. Simply put, it meant he had unlimited farming potential.
However...
“They won’t all be high-grade essence stones.”
[Dungeon & Stone] was a game where you had to collect the lower-grade essence stones step by step before you could farm the higher-grade ones. There were definitely some lower-grade essence stones mixed in amongst them, based on the levels. This island didn't even have a priest to erase essence stones.
The problem was…
“The upper limit is level 1, which is ridiculously high.”
From here, it depended on the village chief's ability. If he had mindlessly consumed the lower-grade essence stones in the early stages and then used only high-grade ones in the later stages, he would be a useless character with clear limitations…
“He’ll have obvious weaknesses.”
Of course, there was also the opposite case. If he had used lower-grade essence stones with high-grade ones like my [Enlargement], which could be used even in the later stages, even if the level was low…
“Well, would that make much of a difference?”
It would only make finding weaknesses a bit more troublesome. That was all. There was no such thing as an invincible character in [Dungeon & Stone].
“Well, my shield barbarian is an exception, of course.”
Anyway, which side was the village chief on? I meticulously observed all his actions and effects, with the purpose of exploration. So far, I’d confirmed “Tol-Lapupa”’s [Cosmic Protection]...
"And a mobility skill?"
The moment they locked eyes and pointed their weapons at each other, the village chief moved as if his body were splitting in two. It was like a lag in the game, where the screen frames overlapped.
Thud-!
However, I had been observing him intently, so I was able to quickly synthesize the information I had visually confirmed.
The steam rising from his footsteps.
His body shrouded in electricity.
And...
The yellow wave emanating from his landing point.
“It’s [Thunderbolt Step].”
The skill's level was 2. But it was ambiguous whether it could be categorized as a pure mobility skill. It had the characteristic of quickly dashing like a blink...
Zizzzzt-!
It unleashed an area-of-effect attack with a ‘paralysis’ judgment based on the landing point.
Whoooooosh-!
He gained a massive boost in movement speed.
And…
"Ugh...!"
"Block... huh?"
He even gained a temporary bonus of damage immunity.
Just like this.
Whoooooosh-!
One of the nearby melee DPS swung his weapon in confusion, but it passed through the village chief’s body.
"Is he going to Erwen?"
Ha, you disgusting village chief. You’re so obsessed with keeping us in this village.
Of course, I had no intention of letting him have his way.
“[Thunderbolt Step]’s damage immunity removal conditions are two."
The first was to hit him first. That was probably why the village chief rushed towards Erwen, ignoring the other explorers.
The second was…
"Three seconds."
To wait for the 3-second duration to expire.
Of course, 3 seconds was enough time to stab Erwen in the neck.
“Well, it wouldn’t matter anyway.”
Even as the village chief charged towards Erwen with fire in his eyes, my mind was calm.
After all, he was in a ‘concentration’ state right now.
“[He absorbs all damage received while concentrating using spiritual power.]”
Erwen was invincible in that state.
However…
“Right now, we’re investigating your information, you see.”
As a core ability that had the potential to be a trump card someday, there was no reason to reveal it this early.
Therefore…
“[The character used [Eye of the Storm].]”
“[The power of the Transcendent Being grants access to the ability inherent in this skill.]”
I used [Transcendence] to unleash [Eye of the Storm]. Coincidentally, it could counter his skill. After all…
“It’s damage immunity, not CC immunity.”
[Eye of the Storm] doesn’t deal damage, by the way. It’s not a projectile either.
Whoooooosh-!!!
Soon, the village chief was thrown towards me by the gale, which swept towards me in a fierce whirlwind and was aimed at Erwen.
And at the same time.
Zizzzzt-!
As if 3 seconds had passed, a current-laden wave spread around the village chief. It meant his damage immunity was over.
Since I had already used [Transcendence] once, I used it again to unleash [Swing].
“[The attack range increases by 3 times.]”
The hammer stretches out like a flexible rod and plunges into the village chief's body.
However, the village chief’s body defied the laws of physics.
Instead of flying away, his body clung to the hammer due to the wind blowing towards me.
“It’s been a while since I’ve used this combo.”
I gently shifted the trajectory of the hammer. And after spinning the village chief around on the hammer like he was riding a roller coaster...
Kwaaaang-!
I slammed him onto the ground on the opposite side.
Not only had he been grabbed, but he had been thrown even further...
"…"
The village chief, who had been slammed to the ground, coughed up blood.
His regenerative abilities were high, so he would recover soon.
But he seemed to be quite shocked, as he was a bit slow to get up.
"Yeah, you know, it's there."
"Oh, did you hear it from someone? I don’t remember telling you."
"…"
The village chief did not answer.
He simply glanced at Erwen, who was far away.
Tsk, he still hasn’t given up hope.
"Wake up."
"…"
"You’ll never get there."
"Not until I defeat you?"
"Yes—!"
Just as I was about to reply, "yes."
The village chief vanished from my sight.
By the time I managed to find him with my pitiful agility stat, he had already taken a stance to swing his sword at close range.
Kwaaaang-!
His blade struck my shield, which I had barely managed to raise in time.
Through the feeling of fighting with my shield every day, I knew instantly.
The damage to my shield had increased significantly.
Before, it was just a few scratches.
“That’s almost a dent.”
Of course, I didn't question this phenomenon.
It wasn't that the village chief had used a different skill, but simply that I had become weaker.
“[Transcendence] will have a 1-minute cooldown before returning to an inactive state.]”
My passive skill, [Evolving Shell], had 50% resistance to sword-type weapons. It would become 75% only if I used [Iron Fortress]. If I combined it with the effect of [Transcendence], which increased the passive effect by 1.5 times, it would be essentially immune...
Unfortunately, there was a limit to sword resistance.
The maximum sword resistance that any character could have was 85%.
Simply put, my sword resistance had decreased from 85% to 75% for the next minute.
"In other words, the 15% damage was now 25%."
While it was only a 10% difference in simple calculations, the actual damage increase felt like almost double.
Kwaaaang-!
As I was blocking the village chief's ferocious sword blows, reinforcements arrived from behind.
"I'll help from now on."
"Ah! Ah! Me too...!"
"...Me too! Me too!"
Amelia, Misha, and Ainar, the melee force of our clan.
"Be careful, he’s not easy to deal with."
I was a bit worried, but I stayed with them instead of backing away.
There were things that could only be learned by getting hit.
“[Amelia Rainwells used [Abyssal Power].]”
“[Misha Calstain used [Ice Spirit].]”
“[Ainar Pnellin used [Wild Control].]”
I took the main tanking role, and the three melee sisters used me as a wall, swinging their weapons precariously like they were walking a tightrope.
During this process, I discovered the village chief's new essence stone.
Rrrrrrrumble-!
A dark mist spreads around the village chief, releasing electricity.
[Thundercloud]
A level 2 skill that inflicts area-of-effect lightning damage and reduces the skill's cooldown based on the number of hits inflicted.
“…Ugh, ugh!”
However, since only four of us, including myself, had been hit by lightning, the cooldown wouldn't have decreased significantly.
But…
“[Thunderbolt Step]’s cooldown must have reset.”
“Everyone, spread out as far as possible!”
As soon as I made my judgment, I quickly moved the three melee sisters back.
As expected...
Thud-!
The village chief’s body was shrouded in electricity as he dashed forward, entering a damage immunity state.
And this time, the village chief’s target was…
"Ainar!!"
Since he was close enough, it was impossible to block him with a grab skill.
But…
“[Ainar Pnellin used [Crouch].]”
“[All resistance stats increase by 20 times for 3 minutes.]”
“[Natural regeneration increases by 20 times for 3 minutes.]”
Yeah, I knew he had this.
“[All resistance stats increase by 20 times for 3 minutes.]”
The glowing blade pierced Ainar's body, leaving the bone exposed.
But as long as he didn't die instantly, it was fine.
“[Natural regeneration increases by 20 times for 3 minutes.]”
The true power of [Crouch] was in its regeneration ability.
“Still, I guess one of us is out…”
Ainar was out of the fight in a matter of seconds. 
But there was a gain.
“Now I have a basic grasp of his concept.”
The village chief is a lightning swordsman.
[Thunderbolt Step] aside, it’s now certain thanks to his [Thundercloud]. 
[Thundercloud] is a common skill, but his passive is not.
[Conductor].
A passive skill that grants additional bonuses to all lightning-based skills as the stacks increase when using electric-based skills.
Anyway, figuring this out was pretty important.
If the village chief was a lightning swordsman, I could easily deduce what his glowing sword was.
“It must be [Extreme Charge].”
It’s a transformation-type ability classified as a weapon enchantment skill, like [Abyssal Power].
The peculiarity is that it receives lightning-related synergy, but the damage itself is inflicted as physical damage…
The chain reaction of information continues.
"If he has [Extreme Charge], he must have that passive skill too…”
I've essentially figured out four essence stones already.
“He’s got four level 2 or higher essence stones already.”
Did he have a way to erase the essence stones?
The average level is much higher than I expected.
However, let’s calculate an intermediate score based on the information we’ve gathered so far.
“Five points.”
Oh, of course, out of ten.
Even though he has a concept of lightning, the synergy isn’t particularly good.
"Well, [Thundercloud] itself has so many skills that can be combined to create an overpowered combo."
Still, his value is incredibly high due to his high-grade essence stones. But I would prefer that the remaining essence stones were also high-grade ones.
An unbalanced character has just as many weaknesses.
“Okay, so I’m done for today…”
But.
As I silently counted down the last second,
Whoooooosh-!!!
The whole world was engulfed in light, accompanied by a deafening roar.
At the same time, Versil, who was standing behind us, delivered good news to everyone.
"...It, it's done! The entrance really opened!"
It was time to leave this cursed village.
***
The burning village and the shattered village entrance.
The village chief looked on as the explorers left in droves, leaving behind an empty square in front of the entrance. The village warriors emerged behind him.
[Village chief, all fires in the village have been extinguished.]
The warriors reported on the scale of the damage to the village, the number of casualties, etc., but the village chief's expression didn't change.
Of course.
It didn’t matter how many of these monsters died.
The only thing that mattered to the village chief right now was…
“I don’t understand how he figured it out.”
Bjorn Yandell.
The most famous explorer of the present era, and the chieftain of the barbarian tribe, one of the six major races.
And a baron of the kingdom.
"...If I’d had just a little more time."
Like a giant rock being gradually eroded by the wind, a ripple appeared in the emotions that had been dulled by time.
It was regret.
But he brushed aside that human emotion he hadn’t felt in a long time.
[Village chief, we will organize a pursuit team.]
[That's enough.]
[…Excuse me? But…]
[It’s more important to deal with the village first. It’s… safe, right?]
[Yes. As you confirmed earlier, it is safe.]
Okay, that’s fine then.
Nothing has changed yet.
Things have gotten a bit more complicated, but that’s all for now.
The village chief closed his eyes and thought about the barbarian he had just fought fiercely.
"Bjorn Yandell…"
He was a beast of a man in many ways.
Even more so than the monsters in this village in some ways.
"He’ll be even stronger next time we meet."
However, a faint emotion flickered in the village chief's eyes as he muttered.
It was joy.
]]]