## Ghost (1)
Matherkin Rilgriams.
“I couldn’t believe it was him…”
The emotion that washed over me when I saw his face was neither joy nor curiosity.  It was simply bewilderment.
“You… died at the hands of the village chief?”
“Yes…? “
The man stared back at me with a confused expression, clearly not understanding my mumbling.  With the situation as it was, I continued my interrogation. 
“Died at the hands of the village chief… what are you talking about—?”
“I saw a dagger with your clan's emblem engraved on it in their blacksmith's workshop."
"Ah…."
“Why was that dagger there?”
“I… don’t know.  However, before we left the island, the members of our clan made a deal with the villagers.  They traded some useless items for a large amount of gemstones.”
His testimony perfectly matched the explanation the village chief gave.  This only deepened my confusion.
“So… the village chief was innocent?”
Then what did I do when I escaped from the village?  Did I simply make a fool of myself?  Although the thought crossed my mind, I shook my head to clear it.  It was too early to jump to conclusions.  I needed to hear everything before making a judgment. 
“Tell me. What happened to you after we left the island?"
“Yes?  Ah… yes!  I understand!”
He had run towards us with a face that screamed, “You’ve come to rescue us!”  But, after my cold response and the barrage of questions, he froze, answering hesitantly. 
“First, we left the island two days after your departure.” 
Truthfully, his story wasn't that interesting.  They’d left the island with the intention of doing something but, after their ordeal, they became fearful and sought refuge on the Library Island, which they found somewhat less menacing. Like us, seeking a place for our members to grow, they had chosen this island for its relative safety.  
However…
“It was a creature we’d never seen before.  It had grotesque wings and its body resembled a slime.  However, its body was covered in bizarre limbs.”
A new type of monster, not in my database.  The Silver Lion Clan was completely wiped out by the creature, and their ship was destroyed.  Matherkin, believing he’d died while drowning, woke up on Library Island, barely alive, with his backpack hanging on a rock.  
“After that… I decided that the outside was too dangerous, so I came down here.  And… I waited.  For someone to find this place again.”
He’d endured, fighting not monsters but loneliness, while rationing his food in case of any possibility of rescue.  In short, that was his story. 
“I see.”
It wasn’t a particularly tragic tale.  If I’m honest, it sounds like he abandoned his members and jumped into the ocean as soon as he realized they were doomed.  
“A plausible story indeed.”
Matherkin Rilgriams.  Knowing this man, I knew he could have easily made that decision.  
However…
“Information gathering ends here.”
I had heard enough.  It was time to verify the truth of his story.  Therefore…
“Bersil.”
I commanded my magician to use a verification spell.  Sadly, it didn’t work properly.  The man’s resistance was quite strong, it seemed.  But I didn’t dwell on it.  Instead, I pulled something out of my void space.
“Using this last one here feels a bit wasteful… but…”
I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was amiss.
“Matherkin Rilgriams.”
“Yes?”
“I’m going to verify if what you said is true.”
I didn’t bother asking if he was okay with it.  After all, he had no choice in the matter. 
Click.
I immediately activated the ‘Broken Trust’.  I hoped this would unveil whatever he was hiding.  
However…
“Alright, let’s start with a simple question.”
What in the world was going on?
“Tell me. What is your name?” 
As in the Doppelganger Forest, I asked this simple question to check if the item was working properly.
“…”
“…”
Why was this bastard refusing to answer?
***
Tick, tock.
The compass-shaped circular plate.  Only the sound of the second hand ticking around the dial echoed, slow and steady, in the silence.  The stillness grew heavier with each passing moment, weighing down my spine. 
But…
Swoosh.
My warrior’s body instinctively moved, as if guided by a primal force.  My hand reached towards the handle of the hammer strapped to my back.  A completely unconscious act, driven by pure instinct.
Whew…
At least holding my weapon calmed my nerves.
“Tell me, Rilgriams.”
I asked again.
“What is your name?”
The man avoided my gaze.  His pupils were unnaturally tilted to the right, creating a strange, uncanny feeling.  
Therefore…
“I’m asking one last time.”
I didn’t just rest my hand on my weapon.  This time, I drew it openly and repeated my question.
“What is your name?”
“…”
So, he was going to plead the fifth, was he? 
“Let’s break his limbs before we start, just in case.”
As soon as I finished my mental preparations, I tightened my grip on the hammer.  
Just as I was about to swing it down…
“…Ah.”
The man broke his silence.
“I, got, caught…”
A short sentence, but something felt different about his tone.  My intuition was right.
“I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught.” 
He repeated the same words like a broken audio device.  His eyes darted around incessantly, and his voice trembled with nervousness and anxiety.  
It was like he was in a state of panic.  He was clearly terrified. 
“I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught. I’m caught—.”
“…What are you?”
I extended my hand, grabbed the man’s neck, and lifted him.  The man’s words changed.
“What do I do?”
“…?”
“What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?”
It was a sensation I’d never felt before.  It was me who was holding his neck and lifting him, but why did I feel so uneasy?
“What do I do? What do I do? What do I—.”
Suddenly, the man stopped talking. 
And…
“…Ah.”
He slowly lifted his chin and looked at me.  The pupils that were tilted unnaturally to the right were now staring straight at me.  
He spoke slowly, as if realizing something.
“I understand.” 
I felt a strange sense of unease and raised my hammer just as he finished his sentence. 
“What I need to do.”
And with that, 
Boom!
The man’s body exploded.
***
The blast itself was nothing extraordinary.  My hand, which had been gripping his neck, felt a slight tingling sensation.  It wasn’t so much a cut as it was a bit itchy, like an allergic reaction.
But, the explosion was powerful enough to shred someone’s flesh into thousands of pieces and scatter their bones.
“A cleric… wouldn’t do anything in this case.”
I stared blankly at the scattered flesh and blood below, lost in thought.  After coming to my senses, I let out a long sigh.
“Damn, I messed up.”
There were no excuses.  Ultimately, my lack of imagination had led to my downfall.  I always tried to consider the worst-case scenario… yet I failed to anticipate this.
“…No, even so, how could I have known?”
While I chastised myself, I also had another thought.  It was difficult to have anticipated this, but could I have prevented it even if I had? 
How could I have stopped an emergency escape? It was a skill without a counter.  No one, unless they’re a god, can bring back the dead.  It was theoretically the ultimate escape skill, but it came at a steep price — one’s own life.
“Enough with the pointless thinking. Let’s clean this up.”
“Yandelll!”
“It’s fine.  Don’t panic.  I have to think for a moment.  Just leave me alone for now.”
I reassured my worried comrades and took some time to review the situation.  The result, if I had to condense it, could be stated in a single sentence.
“Something unidentified impersonated Matherkin Rilgriams.”
Who was the culprit?  I had one suspect.
“The village chief.”
Or, should I say, someone sent by the village chief?  It’s unlikely that the village chief would panic immediately after being exposed so easily.  Regardless, now that I have a suspect, the next step is simple.  
One of the basic elements of deduction:
“Why?  And how?”
What was their motive?  What method did they use to do this?  I considered countless possibilities, but the truth remained shrouded in mystery.
“To deceive me, claiming to be innocent?  Or maybe they just wanted to monitor me from the sidelines…”
Not only was their motive still unclear, but I also had no idea how this was even possible.  
“How in the world was this even possible?”
There were a few skills that allowed people to take over another’s body, but those were completely different from this.  Most of them require the caster to be in the vicinity of the target, and they leave a visible trace.  
Yes, so…
“It wasn’t a skill.”
To be more precise.
“It was an evil spirit.”
It was more similar to an evil spirit than anything else.  My hands were now drenched in sweat.  I spent a long time pondering and discussing it with my comrades, but I couldn’t uncover any further information.  It was just a hypothesis, with insufficient evidence. 
“The village chief has a way to possess others, like an evil spirit.”
It couldn’t hurt to be cautious.
***
After Matherkin’s emergency escape incident.
The moment I felt somewhat relieved and had a sense of closure to the situation, I led the group to investigate the library.  
There were two notable changes that had occurred since we left. 
“The books… are back.”
The Summoning Scrolls that had been used had been replenished.  When we left, the lower sections of the shelves were almost completely empty, and the books were scattered all over the place.  Now, they were organized and the floor was spotless.
And…
“The stairs were reset.”
We had diligently consumed Summoning Scrolls and paved a staircase all the way to the top shelves, where level 3 monsters were summoned.  But, now, the library was back to its original state.
“Hmm, then what’s the reset criteria?  Time?”
If that’s the case, perhaps the rainy season marks the reset point.  But that still needs to be verified.  
“Yandell, this is good.  This means we can gather essence much more efficiently.”
As Amelia said, it was a positive development.  It pained me that the stairs had been reset, but it theoretically meant that farming was unlimited.  
Of course, it wasn’t without its drawbacks.
“If it resets like this, it’ll be hard to reach the top shelves through simple grinding.”
The Library Island was already difficult to clear, but now we have a time limit on top of that.  I’d complain about it later, once we aim to clear it.  
“Knowing it resets, we’ve wasted enough time here.  Let’s get back to the reason we’re here.”
I cast aside all my worries and anxieties and focused solely on why I came here.  
I was always good at grinding in games.  It helps clear my mind.
“You have slain a Frost Wolf.”
“You have slain a Stone Golem.”
“You have slain a Hobgoblin.”
“You have slain a Ice Orc Warrior.”
“You have slain a Yeti.”
“You have slain a Ryuture Talisman Sorcerer.”
“…”
After that, we divided the team into hunting parties and grinding parties, and we went crazy with grinding.
Level 9, Level 8, Level 7… 
The higher we climbed, the more difficult it became.  As soon as Level 4 monsters started appearing, we focused on summoning specific monsters.
Gemstones dropped.  
Experience points piled up.  
And…
“Essence!”
I still haven’t found essence that I could give to the members of the Anabada, but essence dropped a few times a day, and my team slowly grew stronger.
And as time passed…
“This is enough.  Let’s call it a day.  Everyone, rest!”
Day 85 of our entry into the labyrinth.
“Your soul is resonating with the specific world and will be drawn to it.”
That day had come.