## Ghost (2)
Every 15th of the month, according to city standards, the Ghostbusters, a gathering of evil spirits, convened. My routine here was almost always the same.
*Wee-ing-*
I’d turn on my computer, log into the community, and check how many people were online in the chat room “Long Live Korean Independence.” 
“No one’s here yet.”
Then, I’d quickly scan the latest information on the free board before joining the chat room, where Baekho and I would chat for an hour. When Baekho left, I’d talk with Hyeonbyeol until it was time for the Round Table, at which point I’d naturally leave the chat room. 
Click, click.
Today was no different from my usual routine. As always, I naturally opened the free board on my monitor and quickly skimmed the titles of the posts that had already begun to appear.  
Like reading the newspaper while sipping morning coffee.
Leisurely, without haste—
“… Huh?”
The moment I flipped to the next page and saw the title of today’s first post, I couldn't help but blurt out that dumb sound. 
I couldn’t help it. 
[Lapdonia Royal Family's Decision to Close the First Floor.]
What in the world. 
Click, click.
Wondering if it was just a bait post, I kept clicking the mouse button.  
The title was impossible for me to ignore. 
—ㅇㅇㅇㅇ.
Of course, the body of the post was empty, as expected. 
People usually just post the title first and then add the body using the editing feature. 
The important thing is the comments.  
You can check the facts, at least to some extent, just by reading them. 
Like this:
[arolf5205: Ah, I was going to post this first.]
[NIKAMOTO: This will be another hot topic post.]
[AI_DIDIGO: Information 1: 56% of the first posts on the community on the day the community opens receive over 100 comments and become hot topic posts.]
[└Ki11Humans77: Wow, it’s Didigo. Please let me get a Tier 3 essence on the next expedition.]
[└MarkG: But what’s good about a hot topic post?]
[└Paweł: The administrators give some GP, but I don’t think it’s worth it to do this all the time.]
Users are having conversations about other topics, not about whether it’s a bait post or a troll post. 
This reaction revealed one thing. 
“Damn, it was real.”
Lapdonia Royal Family's Decision to Close the First Floor.
This information is true and already a part of the “common knowledge” that many people know. 
I quickly refreshed the post and scrolled down.
Productive conversations always come later.
Because it takes time to write them.
[Darkrealm93: But I don’t understand the Royal Family either. Why are they closing the First Floor?]
[└Akaistos: Didn’t you hear? It’s too dangerous.]
[└Darkrealm93: Do you think I didn’t know that? There’s clearly another reason.]
[└WhyDoYouSniffShit: It’s obvious. They’re angry that people keep trying to escape to the First Floor while the war is going on.]
[└funkinthetrunk: But if no one knows how to get to the First Floor yet, does it even make sense to ban entry?]
[└WhyDoYouSniffShit: So they’re saying don’t waste time on useless things and just keep doing what you’re doing, like being cannon fodder.]
I understand the situation. 
It’s been a month since the First Floor’s existence became known to the outside world. 
In fact, two clans were added to the First Floor in the previous round. 
And…
“Those two clans both had people who couldn’t get in, right?”
There are a ton of explorers who returned to the city after watching their comrades head to the First Floor. 
They definitely spread the word about the First Floor even further. 
Some resourceful guys probably already figured out how to enter. 
No, they definitely did. 
“So everyone must be preparing to go down there. That’s why the Royal Family is trying to stop them.”
Moreover, if it’s information that a large clan can find out, then it’s likely that the Royal Family knows how to enter, too. 
“Hmm…”
This situation is getting interesting.
I kept browsing the comments and the posts that were popping up, but eventually stopped clicking the mouse. 
Tap, tap.
Suddenly, I have a lot to think about. 
If the Royal Family has banned entry, then most people wouldn’t want to go down there. Hmm, so should I just modify my plans and watch?
I ran various simulations in my head. 
And how long did that go on for?
“Ah, they must be waiting for me.”
Realizing I’d been lost in thought for a considerable amount of time, I quickly snapped out of it and entered the chat room. 
“Oppa, you’re here?”
“Oh, Hyung! You’re late again?”
Hyeonbyeol and Baekho, who were already there, greeted me. 
“Sorry, I’m a little late today.”
“It’s okay. I wasn’t worried anyway.”
“… What?”
Tilting my head, not understanding what she was saying, Baekho chuckled. 
“You know, the feeling of the protagonist appearing late? I don’t mind it.  No, actually, I find it cool…”
What is this kid talking about?
I shouldn’t have listened so intently. 
I sat down on the empty sofa seat with a chuckle. 
“So, anything interesting happen to you two?”
“No, I’m fine, Oppa.”
“Baekho, what about you? You good?”
A question that skips the details and only asks if things are good or bad. Still, I couldn’t help but glance at Hyeonbyeol.
Does this guy even know what I’m thinking?
“I’m fine.  Hyeonbyeol Noona knows who I am anyway, right?”
“… What?”
“Noona, it’s okay to say it in front of you. I’m outside the castle now.”
“… Hee.”
Baekho casually talked about his current situation, and Hyeonbyeol listened silently, her eyes full of interest. 
“… Baekho, are you really okay?”
“What’s not okay?  We’re all from the same place anyway. I don’t care. Honestly, it was a little awkward to always talk with you two while leaving Noona out. It’s more fun when all three of us are together, especially when we’re gossiping.”
It’s okay with him, but I’m still doubtful. 
Well, if he’s okay with it, it’s not my business to say anything. 
Plus, I agree with him deep down. 
“It’s definitely… different when the three of us are talking.”
Specifically, it feels more like being back in Korea. 
This is the only place where we can talk about the army, politics, or how much we miss kimchi. 
I’m pretty satisfied with my life in this world. 
But there are definitely moments where I miss those kinds of conversations. 
“Anyway, how’s it out there?  Did you meet the Noark people?”
“Yes, it’s been about a week now. I’m just going around and seeing the place.  I haven’t found Auril Gavis yet, that old man.”
“Auril Gavis…?”
“Ah, Noona probably doesn’t know. I went outside because I’m trying to find that bastard.”
“Oh…  is, is that so?”
Hyeonbyeol, who usually doesn’t back down, seemed flustered, as if she was surprised by such a large-scale story so casually thrown out. 
“I haven’t seen her act like this in a long time.” 
I missed seeing her like that, so I just watched her. Hyeonbyeol glared at me with a sharp look. 
“I didn’t laugh just now.”
“I didn’t say anything either.”
“….”
Anyway, from then on, I asked Baekho about the outside of the castle wall, and Baekho kindly explained what he had learned. 
Since it was a completely unknown area even in the game, every little thing was interesting, but if I had to pick one, it would be this. 
“You can farm.”
Unlike Lapdonia, life outside the castle wall is possible without “essences.” 
But that only raises more questions. 
“But why do they keep trying to come back to the Labyrinth?”
Why does Noark keep fighting the war? 
Why can’t they leave the Labyrinth, even to the point of creating a portal to the outside world? 
Unfortunately, Baekho didn’t have a clear answer. 
“I don’t know. But there must be a reason. And ‘Auril Gavis’ is probably deeply involved in that reason.”
“That’s probably right. Anyway, okay, let me know if you find out anything else later.”
“Yes, Hyung.”
By the time we finished that topic, Baekho had about 10 minutes left before logging out. So we just spent the remaining time chatting about random things. 
“Ugh, I feel like I’ve just been talking about myself the whole time. Next time, I’ll listen to your stories, Hyung.  I was so curious. You know what I mean?”
“I do. I’ll tell you then.”
“See you next time!”
Baekho logged out when it was time, and nothing particularly happened during the time I spent with Hyeonbyeol. 
“Seeing him so curious makes me think he’s up to something fun?”
“Haha… not really…”
“Stop dodging the question. I’m going to read a book now, want some?”
“Ah, then thanks.”
I took the book from Hyeonbyeol, something I was accustomed to. 
I was curious because it was cut off at an interesting part last time. 
“This is so interesting, why?”
I giggled while reading, and when something touching came up, I got teary-eyed. 
While I was completely immersed in reading, Hyeonbyeol, who was lying on the sofa, tapped my knee with her toes. 
“What, why?”
“Isn’t it time to go?”
“Ah, it is.”
I put the book down with a reluctant heart and stood up. Hyeonbyeol said it casually. 
“If it’s that fun, come back later.  I’ll lend you the book then…”
“No, it’s not necessary. I have a lot of GP anyway, I’ll just buy it.”
“….”
“See you next time.”
After leaving the chat room, I stretched and loosened my body.  Technically, I didn’t need to stretch in this space…
But I do it out of habit when I’m reading. 
And it helps me to feel more awake. 
“Okay, let’s go.”
I had a lot to do at the Round Table today.
***
A lion mask covering my entire face.
And a neat navy blue suit underneath. 
Putting on the usual set, I look in the mirror and feel a surge of confidence, as if I can do anything. 
However, I calmly gave myself a self-diagnosis, separate from those feelings. 
“I’m severely ill.”
Ugh, it’s hard to maintain a concept for years. 
It’s as if I’m going to be eaten by the concept I created. 
Ah, of course, I’m not thinking of quitting now. 
Tread, tread.
After checking my appearance in the mirror, I walked down the corridor towards the Round Table room. 
As usual, everyone else was already there. 
“Pishit, you’ve arrived.”
“Hee…  nice to see you, Lion!”
“You’re late again today.”
While ignoring their greetings and heading to my designated seat, I suddenly remembered what Baekho said earlier. 
[The feeling of the protagonist appearing late?]
Baekho was right, at least when it came to the Round Table. 
I always arrived as late as possible. 
But to defend myself, it’s not because I enjoy the attention or anything, it’s an unavoidable action. 
You see…
“It would be even weirder if I arrived early.”
People usually talk to each other when they get here early. 
What could I possibly do in that situation? 
I can’t engage in small talk and laugh with them.  If I sit next to them, I’ll just ruin the mood. 
Just like now. 
“Well then…  everyone’s here, so I’ll start…  “
“….”
“Is… there a problem?”
Even though I just ignored their greetings and was quietly thinking to myself, the Wolf cautiously watched me and spoke. 
“Nothing.”
“Then let’s start. We’re all busy people.”
For some reason, the Wolf was leading the discussion and leading the meeting today.
Well, it doesn’t matter to me who leads—
“Ugh, why do I have to change my mind to this state just because I put on this mask?”
I think it’s time to start being more careful, but I’ll think about that later and open my ears for now. 
The first speaker was the Deer Antler. 
“The Royal Family has confirmed its instructions regarding the closure of the First Floor. If you disregard the instructions and go down to the First Floor, you will be executed regardless of your position.”
“That’s an unusually severe punishment.”
“Ah, of course, this is only for clans of a certain size or larger, we don’t think they’d impose such a severe punishment on regular explorers.”
That makes sense. 
If they can just stop clans from leaving, they can prevent the entire battlefield from crumbling. 
“Ugh, damn Royal Family.  They never do anything that helps.”
Anyway, the Deer Antler started and the members quickly followed in order.  Two of them stood out. 
“If you cast ‘Distortion’ magic on the unidentified statues that appear on the Third Floor and defeat them, you get three different types of shards, and those are the keys to the First Floor.”
The Queen, who shared the entrance method to the First Floor, the Record Vault. 
And…
“Pishit, this might be good news for you. Sadly, our elite forces that were attacking the Eighth Floor failed to conquer it and suffered heavy casualties.”
The Jester. 
It’s not something that would usually stand out, but I felt a bolt of lightning strike my head when I heard it. 
“They failed to conquer the Eighth Floor…?”
I don’t have any evidence, but it doesn’t seem like a simple coincidence. 
So I unconsciously spoke out loud.
“Kalheim.”
One of the Eighth Floor rifts, the city of light, Kalheim. 
It’s the field where Milyeul, who drops the Emerald Rod, appears as the rift guardian. 
The moment I mentioned it. 
“… Pishit?”
The Jester, who had been laughing with a deflated sound, stopped laughing. 
“Lion, how do you… know that…?”
What?  Was it really there?
So the failure of the rift conquest and the appearance of the beast here are somehow related?
As I was thinking about it, the Jester quickly recovered and continued. 
“Ahem, ahem!  I, I asked a stupid question. Lion, you must have a network of informants in Noark.”
I didn’t say anything, but he seemed to have come up with a reason and accepted it. 
Is that why you need to be famous first?
I don’t know, but whether the Jester is freaking out or not, the members’ eyes are focused on me. 
“It’s already my turn.”
So what information should I give out?
I didn’t have to worry about that today. 
I’ve been maintaining my concept by spitting out information that corresponds to the interesting information I’ve heard, but…
“I’m not here for information today.”
To be precise, I was originally planning to do that, but things changed. Didn’t the Royal Family dump a bunch of crap on us this time?
If we keep going like this, there won’t be any more people coming in. 
So I had to respond actively. 
“The Queen told us about the entrance method, so I can just skip that part.” 
The Royal Family played their hand with the execution, but I wasn’t worried. 
Because I know how explorers are. 
“First Floor, Record Vault.”
Explorers don’t care about their lives. 
“Bjorn Jandel obtained two single-number items in two months.”
As long as there’s enough gold on the other side. 