## Ghost (3)
I glanced around the table as I finished revealing the information.
“…! ”
“…! ”
Okay, seeing their reactions, I’m pretty sure I’ve got these normal adventurers hooked. 
“In just two months…?”
“Single Number items…?”
“…Two?”
Well, one I got with the Garpas Necklace, and the other I got by being lucky enough to snag a Guardian monster and absorb it…
I wasn’t lying.
The magic stones and items I’d absorbed were all things I’d only picked up on the first floor, or from those ‘Guardian’ monsters. 
Swoosh—!
The green light illuminated the round table with stunning clarity, bringing a brief silence to the room. 
Their reactions varied from this point onwards.  While everyone had initially been shocked by the information itself, 
“How did you even…?”
“I believe less than 120 people have descended to those depths…?”
“Hee… no way… inside there?”
Some expressed curiosity about my true identity. 
“Psh, you idiot. Is there anywhere on this earth that the Lion’s eyes don’t reach? Didn’t you see earlier? He knew about what happened with the 8th Floor Rift, too. That… information was top secret, only known to less than 50 people!”
“Come to think of it… wasn’t it a member of the Hext Clan who first revealed information about that place? The possibility of there being an informant among them can’t be ruled out.”
Others, however, seemed unsurprised and simply accepted my statement. 
And then…
“Then that informant must be close to Bjorn Jandel.” 
The Antler, a member of the Royal family, flashed a predatory gleam in his eyes, as if he’d just gotten his hands on a new clue. 
As if it mattered to him.
Swoosh.
I shifted my gaze to the Fox Mask, Versil, to gauge his reaction. 
Due to the mask, I couldn’t read his expression properly.
But even so, I could sense…
‘Shock and anxiety.’
‘Is he thinking that someone in his clan is my lackey?’
Well, I guess I’ll find out tonight when the community closes and Versil starts acting. He had a history of rushing to me after the Misha incident, to tell me about the traitor. 
Versil’s part is done for now. 
Swoosh. 
I shifted my gaze again, this time to the Goblin.
‘Tsk, he’s the one I’m most worried about.’
The Goblin remained silent, seemingly unfazed by the atmosphere and deep in thought. 
It’s not like he’s actually doing anything…
‘He just makes me feel uneasy.’
I had revealed countless reasons why the Lion couldn’t be Bjorn Jandel, but there are always people who have an absurd hunch about things.
I think the Goblin is one of those types. 
Therefore…
“Antler.”
I addressed the Antler, who was first in line to speak, changing the topic of conversation.
“How long are you going to keep that up?”
“…?”
“It’s your turn again.”
Come on, let’s get this going. 
I’ve got plenty more to tell you anyway.
***
Round One.
“Every type of monster, including Rift Guardians, appears on the first floor Record Vault.”
Round Two.
“Numerous new species emerge from the first floor Record Vault, including mutated specimens.”
“Er… mutated specimens, you say…?”
I patiently answered even this question, which would have been unthinkable before.
“They’re creatures that possess the skills of multiple monster types. They also drop magic stones. For example, they might have an Ogre’s passive and a Troll’s active.”
“…! ”
“That’s impossible…!”
“Th, that means… we can create new magic stone combinations, right?”
A few members yelled about how it was impossible, but there was no need to convince them with evidence. 
The gem would tell them everything on its own.
Swoosh—! 
With every green glow emitted from the gem, the members’ whispers grew louder. 
And then…
Flash—!
A gleam of avarice flashed in their eyes, even brighter than the gem’s light.
It’s only natural. 
What player wouldn’t be tempted by this amazing hunting ground? 
“Psh… this is getting interesting.”
“Well, not for the Noir Arc side, I’d say. They’ll be stuck sucking their thumbs, no matter what they hear. After all, they’re just gonna suck their thumbs, whatever they hear.”
A verbal clash between the Jester, a Noir Arc member, and the Antler, a member of the Royal family. 
No epic feeling of course.
‘Well, kids fighting are the most entertaining though.’
Everyone seemed to share this sentiment, because despite the spat, no one tried to stop them. They just watched with interest.
“Aa! Like the Laphdonia explorers who have been left behind for over a year, unable to reach the 8th and 9th floors? Psh.”
“Did you not hear the Lion’s words? If what he said is true, there’s no reason to go to the 8th or 9th floor anymore.”
“Aa, well, that might be the case. But what of it?”
“…Are you really asking that? If this information gets out, the Royal family will reconsider their ban on entry and directly support explorer development. With that, it’s only a matter of time before the Noir Arc falls.”
“Oh, is that so? Yes, I’m just about to cry in fear.” 
The Jester’s bored reply prompted the Antler to sneer.
“Well, you wouldn’t have a clue, would you, Jester? You’re the type to boast to your enemy about the failures of your own faction. You’d just find this kind of thing amusing —”
“Well, I was finding it amusing for entirely different reasons, wouldn’t you agree?”
The Jester cut off the Antler mid-sentence, and with a characteristic chuckle, continued,
“Besides, Antler, why do you think this situation is advantageous for the Royal family?”
“What… are you talking about?”
“Are you really asking that?”
The Jester shrugged dramatically, staring at a specific spot.
Right where I was sitting.
He met my eyes and gave me a knowing nod before turning back to the Antler. 
“Why do you think the Lion told us about the first floor Record Vault? Antler, you’ve got a brain, so think about it for a bit tonight.”
“….”
The Antler chose to remain silent.
And then, a member who had been quietly listening to the conversation stepped in.
“To hinder the Royal family.”
It was the Queen.
“It’s the only reason I can think of.”
As she spoke, other members seemed to agree.
“I guess I wasn’t the only one who thought that.”
“…The Lion must know how things would turn out if this were spread around.”
“He’s never been this blatant before.”
The information, released after the Royal family’s ban on entry, was also tempting enough to cause a situation that went against the ban. It seemed the members had already figured out my intentions. 
Well, it doesn’t really matter if they figured it out. 
“Psh, but to be so arrogant, even without knowing…  Isn’t that funny, even to you?”
“…You’re interpreting things too favorably. Maybe he did it to help the Royal family. They didn’t know how valuable the first floor was.”
“Hmm… well, I wonder which side really interpreted things favorably.”
With the Jester’s final remark, the members’ gazes converged on me. 
They didn’t say it, but they were all thinking the same thing.
Which of those two was telling the truth? 
They seemed to expect me to make it clear.
But when I remained silent, it became a bit uncomfortable, I guess.
“So…?”
Finally, someone took the lead.
It was Black.
“What’s the truth?”
It was a bit surprising.
I thought someone might take the lead, but I never expected it to be him. 
He always kept to himself unless it was his turn. 
“Lion, are you on the Royal family’s side, or the Noir Arc’s?”
Black’s bold question, uttered from behind a stark black mask devoid of any decorations or patterns.
I responded in a low voice.
“You’re out of line.”
I didn’t mean it with malice, but Black seemed to flinch and look down. 
He eventually raised his head, forcing himself to meet my eyes, but it was clear he’d realized his mistake.
‘He’s got a bit of a temper, I see.’
I noted that information about him in the back of my mind, while responding.  
I liked his grit.
“However, I will answer your question.”
I stared at Black, placing my hand on the gem.
At that moment.
Gulp.
I heard someone swallow.
Everyone was now looking at me.
The Jester seemed to hope I was on the Noir Arc’s side, and the Antler hoped I was on the opposite side.
Everyone else seemed to be curious about the truth, no matter what side it was.
But…
“The Royal family and the Noir Arc.”
I declared, clearly and in front of everyone.
“I am on no one’s side.”
I wasn’t making things up.
The Noir Arc is my enemy.
The first person to take my comrade was an Orc Killer belonging to the Orculous. Because of them, I had to go through all that hell on the first floor.
Daria, Erwen’s older sister, died during that incident.
And…
‘The Royal family goes without saying.’
The cold rage I’d felt that day still lingers in my heart, refusing to melt away. 
One day they’ll pay the price.
And as if to prove it.
Swoosh—!
The gem on the round table emitted a light of truth.
It felt somehow more intense than usual.
Someone, captivated, asked,
“Then why…?”
I followed the sound to its source, finding the Antler.
“Lion, why did you tell us all of this?”
It was a natural question for someone who, as a member of the Royal family, had spent countless hours engaging in political battles.
The enigmatic Lion with a mask.
He’s on no one’s side.
Why would he do something that seems to hinder the Royal family?
The Lion’s answer to that question is simple.
As always.
Tap, tap.
I tapped the armrest twice before opening my mouth.
“Because it’s…?”
It’s always like this.
“Because it seemed like fun.”
That’s enough.
***
The round table discussion ended rather abruptly, but I wasn’t disappointed.  
I managed to convey how awesome this hunting ground is, and the others seemed to have run out of information to share for today.
Plus, the timing couldn’t have been better for ending things.
So, I coolly left. 
‘There’s no point in prolonging it and making a fool of myself.’ 
And so, I returned to my room. 
I lay on the bed for a bit, rolling around to rest before heading back to my computer to continue my community browsing.
It’s ironic, but the community is my only window to the outside world.
“Pfff… haha, this crazy bastard… ”
Ugh, this is so embarrassing.
Why is this so funny?
I was chuckling, browsing the bulletin board, when a new thread appeared at the top of the free board, updating the rankings.
[Things We Know About the First Floor Record Vault.]
I clicked on it right away. The contents were quite thorough.
Information about how to enter the Vault, that all sorts of monsters and Rift Guardians appear there, and that ‘mutated specimens’ exist.
And most importantly, that Bjorn Jandel had acquired two Single Number items there. 
The thread summarized everything I’d said at the round table, concisely and briefly.
The author was…
[BFKILLER]
A name I’d never seen before.
‘Well, one thing’s for sure, it’s one of the round table members…’
Who is it? 
With ten members now, including myself, figuring out exactly who it is is impossible. 
‘It’s actually good that it’s getting out, since I wanted the rumor to spread…’ 
I never expected them to go this public. 
My assumption was that it would reach the ears of those who pick up information quickly this month, and then spread more broadly next month. This was a completely different scenario. 
‘Well, even though they’re all gathered here, they’re from different groups and have different individual goals.’
It wouldn’t be strange at all if one of the ten members wanted this information to get out. 
Anyway, that’s not important…
Click, click.
I scrolled through the comments quickly.
Being before it became a hot thread, early comments were mostly about fact-checking.
[YPPL: Whoa, you should be a writer with this.]
[gooooooodd2: Trying so hard to get to the hot threads.]
[q1q2q3: What’s your evidence? No one’s gonna believe this without it. This information is so unbelievable.]
They were just using it as bait, judging from the cynical and harsh remarks.
However, the reactions slowly changed.
[Amer91: I’ll try going through the Sculpture Temple on the next exploration. Those sneaky bastards are probably meeting there.]
[└AI_DIDIGO: Information 1, It’s already a known fact, even for the Royal family and major groups, that nameless sculptures are the key to the first floor.]
[└ScottBANE: Wow, is that true, DIDIGO?]
[└Adi: Wait, if the entrance method is true, doesn’t that mean everything else in the thread could be true, too?]
[└Amer91: Nah, I don’t know about that… He’s probably just trying to get to the hot threads with this one piece of information.]
[└Adi: No, think about it. Who would write a thread just for a hot thread spot, with information that hasn’t even been released yet? He could have gotten to the hot threads by revealing just the entrance method.]
[└ScottBANE: And the more I think about it, it’s not that unbelievable. There are players on the first floor now, and they can share information through the community.]
Users who already knew about the entrance method began appearing, slowly turning the situation around. 
From being dismissed as just bait, it became a fairly believable story.
‘Okay, the contents of that thread will definitely reach the city now…’
I was inwardly pleased as I scrolled down.
‘Huh?’
I stopped scrolling at a certain point.
[Pnec: You idiots. Can’t you even take what’s being spoon-fed to you?]
[└bigD: What do you mean, take what’s being spoon-fed?]
[└Bling0_0: He’s always trying to bait people. Don’t worry about it.]
[└Pnec: Yeah, I’ve been waiting for you to show up. You clueless little shit.]
What the hell are they fighting about here?
I’d seen those names a few times, so I remembered them now. I quickly scrolled down further.
[└Bling0_0: You don’t know anything? Actually, you know a lot, right? You’re 3 cm tall and 3 kb, I know all about you.]
[└Pnec: Yeah, what would you know? Tsk, tsk, you little punk. Believe it or not, everything in this thread is true.]
[└Bling0_0: …How can you be so sure about that?]
[└Pnec:  Because I heard it from someone reliable, just a while ago. And if you try insulting that person, I’ll find you and kill you.]
What?
Heard it a while ago?
‘Is this guy a round table member?’
Just as that thought crossed my mind.
[└bigD: What do you mean, take what’s being spoon-fed?]
[└(This comment has been deleted.)]
[└Pnec: Yeah, I’ve been waiting for you to show up. You clueless little shit.]
[└(This comment has been deleted.)]
[└Pnec: Yeah, what would you know? Tsk, tsk, you little punk. Believe it or not, everything in this thread is true.]
[└(This comment has been deleted.)]
[└Pnec:  Because I heard it from someone reliable, just a while ago. And if you try insulting that person, I’ll find you and kill you.]
For some reason, the user with the name ‘Bling0_0’ disappeared at the speed of light. 