## The Secret Room (3)
The stone gate swung open wide, but this was markedly different from the way it opened when a monster was summoned. Back then, the area beyond the stone gate was shrouded in darkness, and even when I approached, I couldn't step inside, as if some invisible force was blocking me.
However, this time…
Swoosh-
A blinding white light, so strong it almost hurt my eyes, poured out from the open crack in the gate. Still, I couldn't see inside.
“Alright, follow me!”
Seeing Hamsik leading the way, it seemed we could enter.
“I feel… rather nervous.”
“I wonder if we can trust that dreadful creature…”
“You all are worrying for nothing. Don't we have Lord Hamsik?”
The team members, seemingly apprehensive yet hopeful, followed me, their eyes fixed on my back as I trailed behind Hamsik.
Then…
“I'll go first, then. See you inside!”
Hamsik stepped into the light, and I, taking a moment to gather my courage, followed swiftly.
Swoosh-
The light enveloped me, like I was entering a portal.
“Character has entered the First Record Repository.”
When I opened my eyes, I was in a strange space.
***
It was a circular room. Bookshelves lined the perimeter walls, overflowing with books of vibrant hues.
“Be, be careful! Isn't the ceiling about to collapse?”
The space was quite cramped. Even without being in my [Gigantification] state, I had to stoop and awkwardly crane my neck. It felt like a miniature library. Or at least, that’s what it should have felt like. But, as I looked around, I was the only one in an uncomfortable position.
“Ugh! What is this place? It's so stuffy I'm going to suffocate! And all these books!”
Einar, voicing her discomfort just like me. I realize it now, but why is this society so inconsiderate towards barbarians? If they just raised the average ceiling height by 30cm, the world would be so much better.
Despite the inner complaint, I continued to scan my surroundings.
“This is where I usually reside… You are my first guest, what do you think?”
“A wonderful place.”
“Really…?”
“Perhaps.”
I gave a vague reply and glanced around, but there was only one thing I could confirm with my own eyes.
‘Nothing but books.’
Bookshelves crammed with books. Books piled high like towers on the floor. Regardless of where I looked, all I saw was books.
But, it was too early to be disappointed.
“Hamsik.”
“….Y, yes?”
Ignoring Hamsik's nervous demeanor at my call, I approached a certain spot. I pulled out a book from the pile, hidden among them.
“What is this book? It feels like you hurriedly hid it before I came in.”
“….Y, you, you can’t see? It’s just an ordinary book…!”
Come on, don't lie to your friend. This book, bound in gold leaf, was clearly anything but ordinary.
“Oh, an ordinary book, you say? That's good. I'll take this as a housewarming gift.”
“A, a housewarming gift? Do you think I'm a fool? Housewarming gifts are given by the guests!”
Tch, do you even know that?
It felt like a minor inconvenience, but not a huge problem. After all…
“Hamsik, that's an old tradition.”
I said no, so what can he do?
“….Y, yes?”
“Nowadays, it's common for guests to receive gifts… Perhaps you've forgotten this simple fact, being here for so long?”
“………Ah! That’s right! My bad! I was mistaken for a moment!”
“Oh…”
“It's true! Don't misunderstand! I just made a small mistake!”
No, it's not that.
I'm actually surprised that it worked so well, and I'm surprised at my own surprise...
“Ahem! It’s, it’s true, I tell you!”
Looking at Hamsik's obvious reaction, I felt a strange sensation.
“I get it. I believe you. We are friends.”
“Yes! Because we’re friends! They say friendship is based on trust!”
…Why does he suddenly seem cute?
He’s just a creature I need to exploit.
I tried to distance myself emotionally, continuing the conversation.
“So, are you giving it to me? This book?”
“Th, that’s not possible! I’d, I’d rather give you something else!”
“Why? You said it was an ordinary book.”
[……]
Hamsik chose silence when I brought up his previous statement.
Is he a type who avoids confrontation? He goes silent whenever things get difficult.
As I pondered how to legally obtain this golden book…
“Lord Hamsik! This is written in an ancient language, could you please come and interpret it for us?”
One of the three mages from the Armin expedition approached me.
From the looks of it, it seems to be one of the books on the bookshelf…
“These insolent brats!! How dare they touch my belongings without permission!”
Hamsik finally realized the situation and erupted in anger.
Honestly, I can't blame him. It was a bit much, even for me.
“Everyone, check carefully!”
“Oh! Sorry! The book ripped when I took it out.”
“Don't worry about that, let’s push the bookshelf first! There might be something hidden behind it!”
The team members, their eyes wide with excitement, tore through the entire room the moment they entered.
I realize now, adventurers are truly the embodiment of destruction and greed.
[These guys…!!!]
Hamsik exploded in anger again, but, sadly, no one paid him any attention.
“Sir… that monster seems angry.”
“What a terrible roar… “
“Is everything alright?”
“Come on, he's fine! Why are you so worried? Didn't you see? I just laid him down and threatened him, and he couldn't resist my authority and opened the gate.”
“Haha! No one will believe you if you tell them about this outside. A monster like that submitting to authority? That’s something that would even get you ridiculed in a fairy tale!”
“The Lord is truly no ordinary man…”
Ah, I see their perspective.
In reality, I just tricked a simple-minded hamster.
‘This… is better left unsaid.’
The reason why stories about Ju-mong and Park Hyeokgeose being born from eggs, along with similar myths surrounding ancient rulers worldwide, exist? 
Because it helps them govern.
“Hamsik, calm down.”
[What? I’m watching you make a mess of my—!]
“Aren’t you the one who always cleans up? Or do you not like cleaning?”
[Um… I don't mind that….]
“Then it’s settled. They are helping you by doing what you enjoy. Why are you so angry?”
[Um, well… it’s like that…?]
Okay, I think that convinced him.
“Can I open it once? This book?”
[Huh? Ah… yes… You can… open it, at least….]
With Hamsik's almost resigned permission, I eagerly opened the golden book.
Honestly, I was very curious.
It seemed like this golden book was also part of the summoning book.
‘I wonder what kind of monster is in here?’
A rare species, like the mimic, that could give me a huge reward?
Or maybe a Rift Guardian, like Mila-yel?
Or perhaps, when I capture the monster, I’ll get a unique reward…
‘Huh?’
As I read the first page with anticipation, I froze, startled.
[Once upon a time, there was a brother and sister who lived happily in a rural village.]
…What the hell is this?
***
The story was written in a crooked ancient language, like a child's diary. It was nothing like I expected, but I read through it slowly.
It didn't take long to finish.
The book was thick, but the story only lasted until the end of the first page.
“Lord Hamsik, can we hear what it says?”
Even without the three mages taking initiative, everyone seemed curious, so I summarized it briefly.
“Once upon a time, in a rural village, there was a brother and sister who lived happily. But when the brother left the village to become a mage, the sister was heartbroken.”
“And then?”
“That's it.”
“…What?”
I mean, it really did just end there, so I had no idea what to say.
That's why I didn't hesitate to tell them.
It's not even a story I could decide whether or not to hide. It’s too short, there’s nothing to decide.
I flipped through the pages, but there was nothing else written.
But, paradoxically.
‘It can’t be just an ordinary story.’
This makes it even more important.
The subterranean first floor, filled with mystery and the unknown.
And Hamsik, a mysterious creature I encountered there, carefully guarding this book in his own hideaway.
The story written in this book can’t be trivial.
Therefore…
“Do you know who the brother and sister are?”
It was time to leverage collective intelligence.
“Hmm… If it’s a brother and sister… I first think of the Kaillaje siblings.”
The Kaillaje siblings were famous explorers who lived only a few hundred years ago, so they’re out of the question.
“Perhaps it's a myth? When I studied theology, I once saw a scholar claiming that Leathles and Heindel were born from the same parent.”
But, it doesn't seem like a story about gods either.
“I don't know. I immediately thought of the Immortal King. Before he ascended to the throne, he had several siblings.”
Well, he was from a big family, so maybe he had a sister…
But the phrase “rural village” doesn’t make sense for him.
Even though Ladonia was located at the edge of the continent, they earned a lot of money from trade.
“Emily, what about you? Do you have any thoughts?”
“…I’m more interested in the part about leaving to learn magic than the fact that they’re siblings.”
“Ah, that.”
“Is there a possibility that it's about the last Grand Sage, Gavrilius?”
Well, that’s plausible too.
The problem is, even if that’s true, we wouldn’t be able to find out anything.
Hmm… is it totally irrelevant?
“Hamsik, do you know who this story is about?”
[…I don't know?]
I asked just in case, but Hamsik had no idea about this story.
“Then you didn't know who this story was about, and yet you kept it so precious?”
I spoke with a tone that suggested that if he were lying, he should be prepared for the consequences. Hamsik, however, shook both hands as if to show his innocence.
[It’s true! I just… had a feeling I had to… keep it safe. That’s why I was keeping it safe.]
“Hmm, is that so? Then it’s fine if I take it, right?”
[That’s… not possible! I have to… give this book to someone someday!]
“Give it? To who?”
[To someone qualified.]
“Then what qualifies them?”
[I, I don’t know. But you’ll know when you see them. Or at least, I feel like you’ll know.]
The more I talked to Hamsik, the more curious I became.
Who is he?
Who made him, and why did he have to spend so much time alone in this secluded place?
[Ah, anyway! You’re not qualified, so don’t even think about it! I have to keep it until that time…!]
“Hamsik, friends don’t have—.”
[Beep! It doesn't matter what you say! Some things just aren’t allowed!]
Tss, that didn’t work either?
I put aside my interest in the golden book for now.
I haven't given up entirely, but after seeing that single line of story, it’s lower on my priority list.
“Versil! Did you find anything?”
“Of course! Come here! I have a lot to show you!”
This secret room wasn’t just for the golden book.
***
The investigation of this secret space was surprisingly simple.
Pull out the books crammed in the shelves.
Push the empty shelves to the side.
Then, hack at the wall with an axe or destroy it with magic.
It may seem a bit barbaric, but this is the standard way for adventurers to approach the unknown.
This way, you’re bound to find something.
In fact, even I had a habit of destroying everything I saw while playing games, and that habit helped me find countless hidden items.
[This… barbaric tribe…!!]
Well, from the owner’s perspective, it’s frustrating.
Anyway, thanks to this adventurer-style investigation, I could confirm one thing for sure.
“There doesn’t seem to be anything hidden.”
There is nothing hidden in the walls, floor, or ceiling.
[I told you! I said there’s nothing!]
Ah, you didn’t know back then.
“If you didn't lie so often, I’d believe you.”
[….When did I lie!]
“Didn’t you say this room didn't exist at first?”
[……]
Anyway, just because there’s nothing hidden doesn’t mean there’s nothing to gain.
“Lord Hamsik! Look at this book! It looks like a map of the subterranean first floor!”
“This looks like a summoning book, and it has over ten Mimic drawings inside.”
“This fountain pen was on the desk, and there are magical fluctuations that cannot be interpreted. I need to investigate further… “
“This picture frame is an ordinary picture frame. It looked interesting, so I damaged it physically, but it’s not being restored at all.  —“
I nodded, a satisfied smile spreading across my face, as I listened to the steady stream of investigation results.
Well, that’s what exploring is all about. 