## The Secret Room (4)
Let's summarize what we've gathered from this secret room.
“A golden book containing an unknown story about siblings.”
Right now, we don’t know its purpose yet.
The rest of the loot, however, was different. 
“Seven summoning books.”
These aren’t just any summoning books. They are each unique and cannot be found on the library shelves outside.
For example, one contained over ten mimic monsters, another had monsters illustrated in color instead of black and white, while some simply had “???” where the monster illustrations should have been. 
These were seven books brimming with peculiarities.
“A suspicious fountain pen.”
Let's not forget the fountain pen that was on Hamsic’s desk.
“Hamsic, how do you use this pen?”
[Well, it's... ]
After much hesitation, Hamsic finally confessed, “I'll tell you, since you’re a friend…”
[If you color an illustration in a summoning book with this pen, you can obtain the essence of that color... ]
“What?!”
[D, don’t shout! Were you surprised?]
No, you could have just told me carefully instead of making me jump.
A fountain pen that could guarantee the essence of any desired color…?
Could such an object even exist in this world?
This was such a fantastic item, it felt like cheating, but sadly, the fountain pen had limitations.
It could only be used on monsters of Grade 3 or lower. And it could only be used twice.
“Of course, it couldn’t be an unlimited use item.”
I was disappointed, but thinking that this was [Dungeon & Stone], it made me feel a little better. 
Anyone who expected more was foolish…
In this game, this is a pretty crazy item.
“This is an unexplored area…?”
I finally understood why all the explorers were so interested in the newly opened first basement level.
The 5th, 6th, and 7th levels as well.
All of them would have had amazing hidden treasures like this when they were first opened.
“Hamsic, how did you know about this fountain pen? Did you use it before I got here?”
[Of course not!]
“Hmm, for someone who has never used it, your explanation is quite detailed.”
[I just knew. Since birth!]
Hamsic claims he knew what this fountain pen was for from the moment he was born, even though he had never actually used it.
[Why are you putting that away?!]
Hamsic had another fit as I naturally tucked the pen into my pocket. 
[It's an item that should be given to a qualified person...!]
Oh really? 
“But you said we can use it twice, right?”
[Well, so...?]
“I can use it once and then give it to someone who is qualified, right?”
[Th, that's ridiculous—!]
“Or is there some rule that it must be given in perfect condition?”
[We, well, no, there isn’t… ]
“Then there’s no problem!”
Okay, that settles the pen problem. 
I’ll use it once out there, and then I’ll figure out who to give it to after I’ve thought about it for a while. I can convince them then.
For now, let's move on to the final item.
“A map... .”
This map appears to be a condensed version of the entire first basement level.  The rocky island, where we started, is in the center, surrounded by various other islands.
This map, just like the fountain pen, is an amazing discovery. 
I mean, it’ll save me a lot of time exploring.
“There are two islands I haven’t visited yet.”
After consulting with Auyen, the navigator, we discovered that one island was a week’s journey from the library, and the other was about a month away.
“A month… this level is much wider than I thought.”
“Yes... However, there is one thing that concerns me... This island’s location aligns with the direction where we saw the rainbow back then.”
“So, this island could be beyond the rainbow?”
“I can’t say for sure, but I don’t think this is just a coincidence.”
I was thinking the same thing.
From now on, I will refer to this island as the Rainbow Island...
“Hamsic, do you know anything about what’s on the other side of this map?”
[I don’t know...!]
Hamsic, looking dejectedly at the state of the room, grunted in response.
He might be slightly upset, but he doesn’t seem to be lying.
“So, he really doesn’t know… ”
It’s probably better to assume that this map doesn’t show everything.
My curiosity grew. 
What happens when I go beyond the map? No, is it even possible to go beyond it? 
I understand why people in the age of flat-earth theories were so curious about the edge of the world. 
“Anyway, I’ll find out when I get there… ”
“Mr. Yandel, look at this part of the map.”
Versil pointed to a specific spot on the map. It was the part of the Giant Island where we stayed, specifically the area with the cave.
“Do you see this symbol on the map?”
“This… looks like a portal monolith.”
“Right? That’s what I think too.”
The cave area depicted a monolith symbol.
However, below it was a clear and simple symbol.
“A downward arrow… ”
What could this possibly mean?
“Second basement level.”
Everyone looking at the map seemed to think the same thing. Yet, none of us dared to say it aloud.
But then, in the ensuing silence.
“... Could you also take a look at this?”
Versil moved her finger, pointing to a new spot on the map.
Auyen was the first to pinpoint its location. 
“This is... the Chief’s Island...” 
“Yes. There are only two monolith symbols on the entire map, and this is one of them.”
As soon as I confirmed the location Versil pointed out, I felt a gasp in my chest. 
Should I call this good news?
Or bad news? I don’t know, but…
“At least we found an exit.”
The arrow under the monolith symbol clearly pointed upward. 
***
We found an exit.
Well, strictly speaking, we found a place that *may* be an exit.
This was great news for us, who had been wandering aimlessly like a ship lost at sea with no clues.
But...
"The Chief's Island… ”
I couldn’t help but feel a pang in my chest.
It meant that sooner or later, we’d have to face the Chief, whether we like it or not, to return to the city. 
“So, we can go back to the city now?”
“We made it! Hooray!”
A few of our members cheered, elated by the discovery of an exit. But unfortunately, there were still many problems to overcome before we could escape this place.
“But… is it really possible to escape? The monolith on Giant Island didn’t work either...” 
“You’re right. We must be fulfilling some sort of condition to leave, just like when we came down here...”
As several of the more intelligent members pointed out, finding the exit is not the end. We need to find a way to activate the portal monolith first. 
Getting past the Chief is another matter entirely.
But...
“The rainbow! The island in the direction of the rainbow!  Isn’t the key to escape on that island?!”
We have a few things we can try.  We haven’t been here just to twiddle our thumbs, after all.
“The Rainbow Island is the most likely place, but even if it’s not, we should be able to figure it out by conquering all the other islands.”
In that regard, I asked Hamsic one more question. 
“Hamsic, what kind of monster appears on the top shelf?”
What kind of level do we need to be to clear this library island?
Hamsic’s answer was simple. 
He didn’t tell us the specific grade, but rather used examples of explorers’ levels.
[Tol-Lapupa, Kashan, Leviathan, Prahel, Ridger… ]
Whew, so in the end, I need to be able to take down a Grade 1 monster.
Still, thankfully, it’s only one, not multiple. 
“What happens if we defeat them?”
In response to my question, Hamsic spoke to me with a newfound solemn voice.
[I don’t know.]
“Do we get the ‘qualification’ you mentioned?”
[Like I said, I don’t know. Those memories don’t exist in my mind.]
So, the easy part is over.  Now I have to find out myself.
“Hamsic, how do we get out? Do we go through that portal-like thing?”
I felt like we had exhausted all avenues of investigation.  There was nothing more to be gained here.
But Hamsic tilted his head in response to my question.
[Huh? You can’t go out once you’ve come in?]
“…..What? Why are you telling me this now?”
[Beep! Just kidding! You go through there!]
Ugh, you scared me.
I was so dumbfounded, I just laughed.  Hamsic looked at me, delighted, and couldn’t stop smiling.
[Beep beep... ! Isn’t it common sense to joke around with friends?!]
Wow, I can’t even get mad when he’s so happy.
I chuckled and led the team outside.
The stone gate was still wide open, emitting a radiant light.  As soon as Hamsic walked out, the light disappeared, and the gate closed.
“But Hamsic, do we have to open that gate every time we come in?”
[Well, so...?]
“You said that's where you live, right?  Wouldn’t it be inconvenient to have to do that every time you come in?”
[Well, it's never been a problem before! I’ve just been stuck outside because I was cleaning up books when you showed up!]
Ah, that's why he was wandering around the library instead of going home when we captured him.
The only reason he roamed around at night was because we were sleeping then.
“We’re going to hunt again after we take a nap, what are you going to do until then?”
[Watch!]
“What about cleaning?”
[When there's nobody else… when you’re gone and there's nobody around.]
“Why? I’m not telling you to do it now, I’m just curious. You’ve already revealed yourself to us, you can just do it now, right?”
[…..I’ll do it when there's nobody around. Don’t pressure me.]
Well, if that’s the case, I have nothing to say.
After completing our exploration of the secret room, we returned to the library and resumed our interrupted camping.
We began hunting right away the next morning.
“Mimic defeated.”
“Mimic defeated.”
“Mimic defeated.”
“Mimic defeated.”
“Mimic defeated… ”
The first thing we summoned was the mimic summoning book we obtained in the secret room. Unfortunately, despite defeating over ten of them, we didn’t get any essences.
We need essences to loot items from the [Treasure Vault].
“I’m surprisingly calm.”
I guess it’s because I know the best we can get from mimics is about 30 million stones.
I’m not really disappointed.
I’m not just stuck with this one summoning book either.
So, we opened all the other summoning books. 
“... Drake?”
A Grade 4 flying monster, a drake, was summoned from the book marked with “???”.
What? I was so nervous to see what would come out.
Is this a completely random 100% chance thing?
I’m not sure, but the only thing he dropped was one magic stone.
“So now, all that’s left is the colored book.”
The five summoning books that contained colored monsters.
After opening them all, we discovered a commonality.
From the book with the red monster, we obtained a red essence, and the blue monster dropped a blue essence.
“The problem is, besides one Grade 3, they were all Grade 5 or lower.”
We discarded the Grade 5 and lower ones without hesitation. The Grade 3 essence went to someone in the Armin expedition team who wanted it.
And...
“We already used them all.”
All of the summoning books we brought out of the secret room were gone, with no particular gain.
Well, the main dish, the ‘fountain pen’, is still left…
“I should wait until the last minute to use it.”
I really want to use it to get Bellarios’s essence right away, but I decided to be rational.
I’m not just going to hunt for one day.
There’s a chance that I could get essences naturally, and using it now would be too hasty and wasteful.
Therefore...
“Stonewinter defeated.”
“Mekarote defeated. EXP +7.”
“Frost Guardian defeated.”
“Ball-Herchan defeated.”
“Mechanical Giant defeated… ”
“…..”
Hunt after breakfast.
Hunt after lunch.
We kept this routine going, hunting until late at night after dinner.
Day 99 since entering the maze.
“Tomorrow, the maze will open again in the city.”
The time for the new explorers to enter the maze has arrived.
***
“Second in Command, did you hear about this?”
“Ah, yes, that…”
Arua Raven, the Second in Command of the Royal Third Magic Corps, let out a wry smile.
The first basement level, the Record Archive.
Everywhere you go in the city these days, people are talking about it.
It’s because a shocking rumor has been circulating throughout the city.
Bjorn Yandel is still alive and well in there.
And he has acquired two single-number items. 
It’s just a rumor, initially spread by the evil spirits, but the veracity hasn’t been verified.
“Second in Command… could this rumor be true?”
“It doesn’t matter if the rumor is true or not. We just need to do our job. I’ll go ahead.”
Raven dismissed her subordinate’s question and went ahead to her office after finishing her meal.
Is the rumor true or not?
It's pointless to dwell on it.
Whatever the truth, her wish remains the same.
I hope the rumor is true.
If so, I won't have to worry about him like this every day.
“Ugh… if it’s true, it’s just going to be annoying.”
The first basement level. 
An unexplored area, with every nook and cranny shrouded in mystery. What wonders and unknowns await there, and what grand explorations will Bjorn Yandel be embarking on with his companions?
“Ugh… .”
She let out a heavy sigh, dropping her head.
The uniform, which she had grown accustomed to, and the Magic Corps badge on her chest felt strangely stifling and irritating today.
“Fine. I'll just do my work.”
She repeated to herself the words she had said to her subordinate earlier and resumed her work.
That evening.
“Second in Command! There is a direct message from the Palace!”
She received a message from the Palace.
It was filled with rhetoric and complex language, but as someone familiar with official communications, she could summarize it in three sentences.
1. The Palace plans to explore the first basement level.
2. They need talented explorers with experience.
3. You're the perfect candidate.
Having read the entire message, Raven jumped out of her chair like a lively fish. 
She began to pack her things.
]]]