## Chapter 552: Deja Vu (1)
103 days since entering the labyrinth. The number of days spent here had now reached three figures. It was about time I took a break from grinding in the library. After all, I had to go to the Rock Island to greet the new adventurers.
“I hope some decent ones come in. Maybe then, I can finally reach those higher shelves in the library.”
Even now, summoning scrolls yielded three or four level 3 monsters with the occasional level 2 mixed in. I could still handle a couple of them if the combination was favorable, but constantly battling them like a factory line was no longer feasible. I had been serving as the tank, enduring prolonged battles. Each battle required a lengthy recovery period to replenish my depleted resources.
“I almost lost someone in the last fight…“ 
Anyway, from that perspective, expanding our numbers was a necessity, not an option.
As I packed up camp and prepared for departure, I felt eyes on me from afar. I turned my head in that direction and saw Hamsik staring at me intensely.
[Leaving…? ]
Hamsik, with his stern gaze fixed on his toes, uttered those words as I approached. Our first encounter had been awkward, but as we became friends and spent countless hours together hunting in the library, a bond had formed.
“Don’t worry, Hamsik. I’ll be back soon. Besides, I'm leaving the golden book, right?”
[But you're taking my fountain pen with you! ]
“Come on, friends don’t get hung up on little things. You understand?”
[….]
“No, really, I’ll be back in a flash.”
[W-Who said I’d wait? Don't ever come back! It’s better for everyone if someone like you is gone! Quiet, already!]
“Oh, Hamsik, you're at it again.”
As usual, I simply brushed aside Hamsik’s sarcastic remarks, typical of a barbarian.
“Sir Baron, everyone is ready!”
“Okay. I understand.”
I was ready to leave the library, but for some reason, my feet wouldn't move.
[….]
“Hamsik, listen.”
[…Why?]
“While I’m gone, organize the books properly. Even if you’re not hungry, eat the jerky I gave you when it’s time, and if some strange people show up, never show them your face. Hide behind the bookshelf and wait for me—.”
[I’m not a child! Stop talking nonsense! If you’re leaving, go already!]
“No, really, I mean it.”
Huu… Why am I so worried? Was it me who had developed feelings for Hamsik?
“Then… I’m leaving, Hamsik….”
[Yeah….]
“I’ll be back soon.”
[…Yeah.]
With great effort, I tore myself away from him and turned my back. I walked past the team members who were watching us from a distance.
Swoosh.
The team members parted to allow me to lead. Once I reached the head of the stairs, they formed their ranks behind me, and we began our descent.
We emerged from the island and boarded the summoned ship. A few hours later, we arrived at the Rock Island.
“It seems no one else has been here yet.”
Just in case, I came early, but there were no adventurers who had visited the first floor before our arrival. 
Well, it’s only been three days since the labyrinth opened.  It would be physically impossible to finish farming on the third floor and return to the first floor within that timeframe.
“What are you thinking about?”
“Just, I’m worried about Hamsik.”
“What do you see when you look at him? I don’t know how to approach him because of his appearance.”
“What do you see?”
“…. A magician. He holds a skull-shaped staff, and he looks more sinister than a lich, making gruesome sounds.”
Ah, so he said that.
I just listened back then, but now, with all the information I’ve gathered, I’m starting to think. 
“A sinister magician with a skull staff….”
Isn’t that a combination of a corpse collector and a doom scholar, a figment of imagination? 
Of course, I didn’t say it out loud.
“Um, Baron… Would it be alright for the members to go to the beach?”
“The beach?”
“You know, there are various things floating around in the sea. Maybe we could gather some during our downtime?”
“Go ahead. Anyway, there isn’t much to do other than wait for a while.”
A few adventurers who were bored with the waiting time took the initiative, and soon others joined them, heading to the beach to collect scraps.
The fact that we had found a level 3 item made of rare materials while sailing seems to have influenced this. Since then, there’s been talk among us.
We might hit the jackpot if we’re lucky.
Maybe we could even find equipment used by ancient heroes if we are lucky enough?
“Well, maybe it’s possible if we’re really lucky…,”
To be honest, I’m skeptical.
I’ve traveled to so many places, but the most expensive item I’ve found was that level 3 armor I got recently.
“Once the first floor is fully opened, won’t there be people who specialize in collecting scraps?”
Well, it’s inefficient in my opinion, but I think there will be that kind of group.
The Rock Island itself is a monster-free zone.
If we can just avoid the rainy season, doing some farming here would be a source of income.
“Anyway, time is really dragging…“
I spent the entire day sitting at the starting point, chatting and trying to kill time, but I eventually got bored and went to the beach with the team members to collect scraps. 
How long has it been?
A day, two days, three days…
The 107th day was coming to an end.
In other words, there were only a few hours left until the first floor closed.
“…. They can’t just not come. Did those royal bastards do something? Are they blocking the entrance?”
I started to feel uneasy.
I had thrown out all this bait, and was looking forward to the influx of skilled newcomers, but… 
“If they don’t come now, there must be a problem up there.”
Tsk, does that mean we have to continue the raid without any new adventurers this time?
Just as I was contemplating this, staring longingly at the clock, I heard a sound.
Wooooooong-!
“Portal! A portal has opened!”
Dozens of portals opened, and new adventurers appeared.
***
I wasn’t worried about how to deal with these newcomers.
I would tell them about the first floor, take them around and show them how difficult it was, and then bind them into a contract. That was it.
But…
“Huu, no wonder no one came down until the last day.”
The moment I saw these newcomers, I had to acknowledge it.
That my usual methods would not work on them.
“Form ranks!”
“Form ranks!”
I sighed as I saw them form their ranks in a solemn and disciplined manner immediately after landing on the first floor.
“This is the worst case scenario.”
There were too many priests for a normal clan.
A mage corps in uniform.
And even a group of knights clad in sleek plate armor.
The group was broadly categorized into three classes, but they all had one thing in common.
“Nia Lapdonia...!”
They all had the royal crest on their chests.
Once they finished forming their ranks, the man who seemed to be their leader approached me at a brisk pace and saluted.
“It’s an honor to meet you, Baron Yandel! I never expected to meet you so soon. I’m so glad you’re still alive!”
“Who are you?”
“Ah, I haven’t introduced myself yet. I’m Zillen Evobast, from the First Royal Knights.”
“What’s your relation to Baron Evobast?”
“He’s my brother.”
Whew, at least the leader wasn’t that high ranking.
Not the baron himself, but his brother.
If I played my cards right, I could crush him with my baron title…
“Oh, and I’m currently acting as deputy commander for this exploration force.”
That shred of hope was instantly shattered by his words.
“Deputy commander…?”
“Yes. Would you mind stepping aside for a moment? The second exploration force is about to arrive.”
I stood there stunned as he asked me to move aside.
Wooooooong-!
Dozens of portals opened in the sky, and dozens of explorers entered the first floor.
And this happened twice, with a time difference between the two waves.
“60 people, three times…,”
180 people.
“Exploration force” was the perfect term for them.
But the real problem was something else.
“Nia Lapdonia! This is to report that all 180 members of the Royal Exploration Force, under the command of Nia Lapdonia, have safely reached their destination, Commander!”
They reported this the moment they arrived.
"Commander".
“There are no hostile forces detected in the vicinity. We have found the target of the primary mission, Baron Bjorn Yandel. Seven out of the 38 individuals are assumed to be members of Clan Anabada, while the rest are believed to be from Hectz Clan and Armin Exploration Team, who entered in the first and second waves!”
“I see.”
The commander, who had ghostly white skin, walked towards me with his silver hair swaying.
I knew his face all too well.
He was a lot older, about twenty years older than he was when I first saw him in his prime.
“I remember seeing you from afar at the elevation ceremony. We didn’t get to exchange greetings.”
The Commander of the First Royal Knights.
The Executor of the Royal Family, the knight known as “The Light Knight”…
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Baron Yandel. I’m Jerome Saintred.”
This was the very same guy I met twenty years ago in Noir Arc while wearing a metal mask, and had a few encounters with.
“W-Well, it’s a pleasure to meet you too! Nice to see you! Hey, I’m Bjorn, son of Baron Yandel!”
…He wouldn’t have recognized me, would he?
***
They say the guilty conscience feels the whip, and as if my gut was churning, my heart began to beat like a drum.
“……Son of Baron Yandel? What a unique introduction.”
Okay, so far he hasn’t shown any signs of recognizing me…
Huu, I was so flustered back then that I blurted out anything.
“I get that a lot.”
I gave a calm, barbarian-like response and quickly assessed the situation.
Jerome Saintred.
He was the guy who came to Noir Arc more than twenty years ago seeking the fragmented Record Stone and fought me.
Whether he recognizes me or not, the situation is already dire.
After all, this guy is a count.
It means that my noble title can’t be used to intimidate him… 
“I can’t believe they sent a big shot like him to a place where they haven’t even figured out how to escape properly.”
This is definitely not a move you’d expect from the royal family.
I thought he would stand back and watch, but…
“Haha, anyway, it’s great to meet a fellow townsperson in this place!  How’s the city?”
“The city? The city is perfectly safe, under the royal family’s protection, of course….”
“That’s good to hear! Anyway, we’ll be leaving now. Good luck with your exploration! Take care! What are you guys doing? Hurry up and prepare to leave!”
As I was about to bid farewell and turn away, he appeared before me like he had teleported, blocking my way.
It was that level 3 teleport device, “Light Gateway,” that I’d seen before.
“Baron, where are you going?”
“A-Ah… I’m hungry…”
“I’ve neglected you. You might be running low on food, but don’t worry about it anymore. We have plenty of supplies.”
So, he has no intention of letting me escape, huh? 
I shed my playful demeanor and lowered my voice.
“Count Saintred, get out of my way.”
A cold demeanor, clearly separating professional and personal matters.
But he ignored my presence and continued to speak as if nothing had happened.
“That won’t be possible, Baron. You are the first explorer to enter this unknown layer, and one of our exploration force’s goals is your rescue.”
“Who do you think needs rescuing? Don’t act as if I asked for help.”
“You are a precious asset to our kingdom, Baron. You should understand how great a loss it would be to lose you.”
“So what? What are you going to do?”
I asked him bluntly.
“Are you going to draft me into your exploration force, even though I’m the leader of a clan, and force me to join? What gives you the right?”
Though my tone was sarcastic, he didn’t seem offended at all. Instead, he smiled.
“To be honest, I have no right to force you to join the army. There is a law that grants the kingdom the right to draft explorers in times of disaster, but it cannot be applied to a baron, a noble with a royal title. However… “
As if he expected my rebuttal, he pulled out a scroll from his pocket.
I knew what it was the moment I saw it.
“This is a royal decree.”
In short, this means that I am to obey anything written in this document, or else I will be branded a traitor…
“Baron Bjorn Yandel of Lapdonia, listen.”
He then unrolled the scroll and read its contents in a grave voice.
“These are tumultuous times with the wicked rebels rampant. We believe in the light of our royal family to protect our beautiful city and its people forever, but the loss of talented individuals lured by false rumors, blinded by greed, is a great loss to our city.”
It was a royal document, the pinnacle of formality, and its introduction was quite long.
“Therefore, as a ruler, I have decided that I cannot sit idly by. I have formed an exploration force and sent them on a campaign….,”
Basically, this is the essence of it.
“Baron Bjorn Yandel, you shall join the First Exploration Force, under the command of Commander Jerome Saintred, thoroughly explore the unexplored areas, and find a way to return to the city.”
Whoops, I’m screwed. 