## Déjà Vu (2)
The royal decree had arrived. Officially, it couldn't be the king's order while he lay bedridden, so it must have been written with the Chancellor's authorization. Still, my options were limited.
“… I will obey the royal decree.”
There was no way to refuse, short of killing all the witnesses and lying about not having received any such order.
“The royal family will remember Baron Yandell's loyalty.”
Jerome's smooth smile was infuriating, but I resolved to focus on the positive.
Joining the expeditionary force and taking orders from that scoundrel? It meant I would lose my freedom within the first floor, and he could do whatever he wanted without any way for me to stop him. Unlike now, where I had a monopoly, I would have to settle for crumbs of the spoils, receiving a predetermined share. 
But…
‘With this force, I can do anything.’ 
It was practically a cheat code. At least, I wouldn't be hampered by a lack of “force” while exploring the first floor. Whether it was the Library Island, with its secrets yet to be fully revealed, the Tree Island, still half-shrouded in mystery, or the Giant Island, home to the colossal giant – with this force, anything was possible. 
In other words, the possibility of escaping this layer and returning to the city had skyrocketed.
“Now, let's get this information organized. Do you have a journal? Explorers tend to record their experiences in journals, you know.”
Ugh, he's really trying to get a free ride.  In an age where knowledge is power, it feels like I've encountered a band of thieves instead of the royal forces. 
Therefore…
“Before providing information, I would like to discuss the spoils first.”
I decided to address this issue head-on.
“Hmm, spoils?”
“Yes, the royal decree stated that we should explore under your command. However, it didn’t mention anything about the treatment we should receive.”
“True, true. But don't worry too much, Baron. Our expeditionary force's objective isn't just some petty cash. The royal family has already instructed us to prioritize your convenience.”
“Still, I want to be clear about this.”
“We'll leave your authority over your explorers intact, Baron.  Furthermore, we’ll ensure that you keep all your expedition earnings, except in one case.”
Preserving my authority, no interference with expedition earnings. Good news, but there was a troubling clause.
“Except in one case…?”
“This expedition is for the benefit of the royal family, and ultimately for the bright future of this nation. Regardless of the type, be it essence, materials, equipment, or special magical items, if it is something that has never existed in the world before, we will take it as a research sample for the benefit of the public.”
Meaning, they would take everything that was a first discovery. Honestly, my first reaction was, “What kind of scumbags are these?” but Jerome was skillfully using a carrot-and-stick approach. 
“However, I promise not to touch anything you’ve already obtained, Baron.  How does that sound?”
He’s acting like he's giving me something extraordinary when it’s just a matter of course.
Does his long experience as a commander make him do this?
I almost felt comforted by his words, without even realizing it. 
“The promise is good.”
“Then we’re all set —.”
“But, there’s one more thing.”
He seemed to be trying to finalize the agreement, so I quickly interrupted.
“I will listen. Please speak.”
“I want a share of the first discovery.”
“That is not possible, Baron.”
“Even if my contribution is overwhelming in the process?”
“It is so.”
Damn, I see. That's a no-go. 
His stubborn stance, exceeding my expectations, made me realize that arguing would be like talking to a wall. I wouldn't give up here, but…
“Then give me priority for the second discovery.”
“Priority…?”
“Yes, if it’s for research purposes, one is enough, right?  You even said petty cash meant nothing to you earlier.”
“Hmm…  Would it be alright if I conferred with the vice-commander for a moment?”
As I nodded, Jerome approached his subordinate and continued the discussion.
Five minutes passed, and the mage summoned by Jerome deactivated the sound-muffling magic, allowing us to hear his voice once more.
“We're willing to give Baron Yandell priority for the second discovery, provided he makes a significant contribution or obtains it by his own means.  What do you say?”
“In that case, who decides the standard for 'significant contribution'?”
“That is…?”
“Instead of vague criteria, let's be clear.  Three items, except for those obtained by my own means.  Only three items, and I’ll have priority.”
Jerome glanced at his vice-commander, his eyes darting. 
Is he some sort of personal staff? 
I don't know, but he seemed to have decided that there was no need to consult further. 
“Very well.  For the second discovery, Baron Yandell will have priority for three items.”
He then extended his hand for a handshake, and I met it.
“I’ll be in your care until we return to the city.”
“Likewise.”
And so, our uneasy cohabitation began.
***
After agreeing on the spoils, the expedition team, consisting of 38 members led by our clan Anabada, was temporarily integrated into the royal army. Officially, we were the temporary 4th squad of the 1st Expeditionary Force.
Compared to the other three squads, each with 60 members, our squad was smaller, but this was unavoidable if I wanted to retain my authority. 
Perhaps that’s why Jerome didn't redistribute the personnel, and I didn’t push for it either.
Anyway, after the reorganization, we immediately had an information sharing session.
“Sir Besil, go check the research materials.”
“Yes…  Long time no see, Miss Amblot.”
“Oh, yes… hello…?”
“How is the Master?”
“He’s … fine, I think…?”
“Haha, on second thought, I should be the one conveying news.  Enough greetings, now, hand over the research records.  I will read them first and ask questions, and you will only answer them.”
“…Here… they are…”
The expeditionary force's top mage approached our three mages and “looted” the materials they’d been diligently researching.
Then...
“Now, Baron, tell us. What has happened in your travels?”
I had to explain to Jerome, starting with the characteristics of this layer, and then the islands we’d visited.
Jerome was most intrigued by the “Rainy Season.”
“An interesting phenomenon. Monsters falling from the sky.”
“Don’t worry too much. There are a few places within the layer where you can escape.”
We’d confirmed three safe zones so far: the Library Island, where Hamshik confirmed its safety; the cave on the Giant Island, used as a hideout by the Hex Clan; and finally, the village ruled by the Village Chief.
“Commander.”
“Haha, call me by my title, not that.  Just use my surname.”
“Saintred… there's one more thing you need to know.”
After some deliberation, I decided to share the information about the “Village Chief” with Jerome.
“Knight Cornelius Bruengrid… you say?”
“That’s what the creature claims to be, for now.”
I wondered how his existence would affect an army of royal descent, but this was a story they would eventually have to know. After all, there was no way to avoid it, as the exit was likely there.
“Do you know anything about him? He seems very suspicious, after spending some time with him.”
Hoping to gain information I didn’t have, I shared my experiences with the Village Chief in detail. Unfortunately, Jerome didn’t know anything.
But…
“A monster pretending to be a comrade of Gavrilius…  A suspicious fellow indeed.”
He might lack knowledge, but his execution was swift.
“We should start our first exploration with that island.”
“…Immediately?”
“It’s suspicious, right? Besides, since he can understand language, it would be more rational to capture and interrogate him to extract information.”
Well…  this is true…
He said it so naturally that I was speechless. Come to think of it, it’s not a wrong statement either. 
‘… With this force, we could go capture him right now.’
A foolish method can become a logical one when it’s done by someone with power.  I know this better than anyone else.
‘But… why do I feel so uneasy?’
I decided to dissuade him first.
“There's no need to rush. Why don't we investigate the other islands first?”
“Hmm?”
“The exit seems to be on that island, but it seems like there’s a condition to open it. Wouldn’t it be better to find that condition first, before going?”
I decided it would be best to slowly explore easier locations first, to confirm whether this expeditionary force is a proper group, before heading to the Village Chief’s island. 
We have enough force right now, but…
History shows us that force is not everything.
“I’m not sure why we need to take the long route, but since it’s the Baron who came here first, we shouldn’t ignore his words.  Very well, I'll do as the Baron suggests.”
Okay, surprisingly, persuasion was easy…
“Then, Baron, which island do you think we should visit first?”
I answered without even a moment's hesitation.
“The Library. The Library Island seems best.”
We still haven’t gained experience points from top-tier monsters.
***
After determining our destination, we went out to the rocky coast of the island and summoned our ships.
We summoned a total of four ships, and the squads divided themselves to board them.
During this process, there was a slight personnel exchange.
“Sir Besil said that he needs more time to transfer all his research findings.  So, I’d like to ask if we can transfer those three mages to our ship.  Oh, of course, we will send three other mages in their place.”
“…Fine.”
The three mages temporarily boarded the expeditionary force's ships, and three other mages were sent to our ship as replacements.
And then…
“Long… time no see?”
I saw a familiar face, unexpected in this place.
“Raven…? How did you get here…?”
“How? The higher-ups gave me orders to join the expeditionary force.”
“Ah, you were a soldier.”
“But did you really not recognize me? I thought you knew, since you kept looking my way during the conversation earlier.”
“I was just looking around in general.”
“Ah… I see.”
Raven nervously twirled her hair with her finger. 
I didn’t understand.
How could she think you’d recognize her out of 180 people?  She's even small and hard to see.
“Anyway, I’m glad to see you.  Come aboard.  We’ll talk on the way.”
After Raven and two other mages who were new faces to me boarded, Ainar, who was already on board, rushed towards me.
“Aru! Aru, Aaru, Aaru!!!”
“Ugh! Stop! Stop it! It hurts!!!”
“Ah, sorry!”
Ainar, regaining her senses, released me from her embrace.  Raven smoothed out her crumpled uniform with a sigh.
“Pnelin’s still… the same, isn’t she?”
“She seems like it on the surface.”
“On the surface…?”
“She ate an essence, but there's a problem with it…  You’ll know right away when you see it.”
“Is that right?”
As we were talking, Auyen reported that we received an order to depart from the flagship.  We quickly set sail. 
Shwooooooosh-!
Leading the way was the Anabada, followed by three warships.
Our ship isn’t bad, but seeing these makes me feel inferior.
Big things just look better, don’t they? 
Even with 60 people on board, they had plenty of space on the deck.  It seemed like they had enough shared cabins too.
“You again.”
“Yes. Hello, Rains.”
As Raven appeared, the members who knew her greeted her one after another.
Amelia’s greeting was more business-like.
“Long time no see…”
“Ah, yes… so it is.”
“…”
“…”
Erwen and I had a noticeable awkwardness between us.
Not as bad as Misha, but still.
“Hello…”
“Ah, yes… hello, Misha…”
Ugh, they're making me nervous just by looking at them.  I think we were close back in the day.
“I’ve heard about you from Yandell, but this is the first time we’ve met.”
“Uhhh…  I’m sorry…  Leaving without a word… like that…”
“Oh, no…  You must have had your reasons, Misha.”
It wasn't a fight like with Erwen, where we fell out after the team disbanded. I couldn’t understand why she was so distant.
‘Or is it even more awkward because of that?’
Well, maybe it is.
Raven has no idea where Misha was all this time. 
It’s hard to ask either.
“Anyway, I’m glad everyone seems to be alright.  I’ve been worried, since I heard you went down to the first floor and there were no more news.”
“Only worried? That’s a little hurtful.”
“…What are you saying?”
I jokingly added a little more to my statement, but Raven remained unmoved and stared at me with a serious expression. 
Usually, she just ignores it and moves on.
But her voice and tone seem extra high today. 
“Anyway, do you know what?”
“Tell me what it is, and then I’ll know.”
“It’s about Sir Kaislan. The one who went on the expedition with Yandell. You remember him?”
“Kaislan? Why? Did he get into trouble outside?”
“No.  He’s also on this expeditionary force.  But you still haven’t seen him, have you?”
Oh…  this is unexpected too.
I didn’t expect to see another familiar face.
‘If it’s Kaislan, he’s reliable.’
His position is probably high enough to be considered part of the leadership.  If they try anything, I’ll likely be able to find out.
“What about Lilith Marone?  She’s also a military mage, right?  Didn’t she come with you?”
“I don’t think she’s here.  But he is!”
“Who is ‘he’?”
I asked, my curiosity piqued.  Raven, who loves to explain things from the start, eagerly answered.
“Sir Sven Parav. A paladin from the Reaatlas church.”
Ugh, I didn’t expect him to come too.
“Why do you look like that?  Don’t you remember him?  We even went on the expedition together.”
“No…  I mean, I remember him.”
Paladin Sven Parav.
Also known as the Goblin Mask.
He’s known for his uncanny ‘sixth sense.’
That guy showed off his unbelievable intuition during the Ice Rock expedition and helped us several times.  He even said that he had a bad feeling, so he avoided going into the labyrinth during the Verzak Incident.
“Raven, do you know anything about him?  Like him refusing to be summoned, or getting a stomachache on the day of the expedition?”
I asked, hoping for some information.
Raven was taken aback by my question.
“What?  How do you know Sir Sven got a stomachache that day?”
‘…Seriously?’
I suddenly started to feel very uneasy. 