## First Clear (2)
Monsters have something called recognition. For example, if you asked someone about Bellarios, 100 out of 100 people wouldn't have heard of it. But if you mentioned creatures like Ogres, Orcs, Trolls, Goblins, or Minotaurs, they would instantly conjure up an image of what they look like. What's the difference between these two? "Legends." In my view, the presence or absence of stories had a significant impact. Just as humans grow up reading fairy tales like The Little Mermaid or The Nutcracker, the locals here grow up listening to similar stories. Cunning Goblins. Bruttish Orcs. Minotaurs of the Labyrinth. The Tyrant Ogre of the Forest.  Monsters that have stories associated with them often have these descriptive prefixes attached to their names. This was also true for Tier 1 monsters.
“…Have you all heard?  It's said we might be facing monsters like Kashaan, the prophesied wolf, or Leviatan, the sea-devouring god.”
“You mean Kashaan, the Prophesied Wolf, and Leviatan, the Sea-Devouring God?”
Sometimes they were simply referred to by the prefix, which initially confused me. I had to look them up later to understand what they were referring to. Anyway, that wasn't important.
"…If we truly manage to face and defeat them, it would be a legendary feat."
"I'm worried.  Will we be able to handle such beasts with just us…."
The fact that we would be hunting Tier 1 monsters was common knowledge.  The expedition team was divided into two factions.
“Ha, you worry too much. It's practically impossible to encounter them, so they're treated like legends. In the end, aren't they just beasts? With our current strength, we can handle them.”
"Hmm, I hope so, but…."
One group was optimistic, the other apprehensive. As if confirming this, Jerome glanced around at the assembled expedition team.  A mage on standby immediately used a voice-dampening magic spell at his nod.
“You say that we can only handle Kashaan.  Baron, would you explain a little further?”
“There's no need for explanation.  It's literally just Kashaan. Now, you just decide. Will you follow the mage’s advice or the explorer's?”
The old mage standing beside me chuckled.  Well, his mouth was smiling, but his eyes weren't.
“I understand the Baron’s concern for experience, but we are those who have delved into records and acquired knowledge for decades.”
“So?”
“We cannot accept that we have only one option. The last time a Tier 1 monster was defeated, there were only 40 people involved. And…”
The old mage shrugged and looked at the expedition team surrounding us. Only then did I understand the source of their confidence.
“You think you can do the same just because 40 people did it?”
“Yes. The best talents, handpicked by the royal family, number two hundred. What could possibly be beyond our reach?”
“Let’s confirm this first. The 40 people you mentioned, are you referring to the Seafaring Clan who were disbanded by a dimensional collapse decades ago?”
The old mage’s eyes widened slightly at my question.
“…Do you know about them?”
Of course I did, I studied a lot, not just relying on in-game knowledge.
“As I understand it, each one of them was a top explorer in the kingdom.  And they spent over half a year preparing. They spent hundreds of millions of stones on everything they needed for this single battle."
“If it's supplies, we have plenty in our expedition team—.”
"Sir Basil, don’t interrupt the Baron.”
Jerome silenced the old mage who was about to retort.  Thanks to him, I was able to calmly continue.
“Plenty of supplies?  No way. We didn't even think about facing a Tier 1 monster until an hour ago.  Or do you think you can capture a Tier 1 monster with potions and scrolls?”
The old mage replied sarcastically.
“Following the Baron’s logic, wouldn’t Kashaan be no different? We are both equally unprepared.”
I knew that’s what he would say.  Taking this opportunity, I didn’t let him catch his breath and continued.
“Kashaan is the Tier 1 monster with the lowest durability.”
“But Kashaan is equally aggressive.”
“That’s why we can capture it.”
“…What evidence do you have to say that?”
As he looked for evidence, I pointed at myself with my thumb.
“Because I’m here.”
“…?”
“I can suppress it to the maximum.”
“Oh…!”
The non-mage lost his words for a moment at my confident statement.  I quickly offered other reasonable grounds.
“Moreover, there’s no widely known strategy for Kashaan. To put it another way, it’s a creature that can be captured even without such preparation.  There will be casualties, but we can definitely capture Kashaan."
"Sir Basil, what do you think about this?"
“If it’s interpreted like that, any monster can be caught, and at the same time, none of them can be.”
A statement that simply negated my words without any convincing evidence. However, Jerome remained silent about it.
“Is that so?”
Nodding, Jerome was lost in thought. The old mage whispered like a spy.
“Commander Saintred, shouldn’t we let everyone decide?  Is it better to summon Leviatan as I suggest, or follow the Baron’s words?”
He was simply suggesting holding a vote.  I couldn't allow that to happen.  It was crystal clear whether people would believe a Barbarian or a non-mage.
‘Clever.’
I had to stop the vote by all means.
Just as I was about to open my mouth,
"Not possible.”
Jerome’s stern voice echoed.
“Not possible?  Why?”
"To just delegate the decision of such a simple choice to your subordinates? Sir Basil, such a commander cannot win the sincere trust of anyone."
“…This isn’t delegating, it's simply asking for opinions—”
“It’s the same. A commander is someone who makes decisions and takes responsibility for those decisions.”
Jerome then dismissed the non-mage's statement with a decisive response.
“Alright, I've decided.”
"Decided what?”
“We will summon Kashaan, the prophesied wolf.”
Jerome continued, knowing no one would dare to object.
“This is a decision I made on my own, and I will take full responsibility for any consequences arising from this decision.”
“…."
“So, you all know, prepare yourselves.”
Jerome exuded charisma, leaving only one thing for the other heads to say.
“Nia Rapodonia…!”
Whew, there are indeed many talented people in the kingdom.
***
After the meeting ended. As I was sharing the results with our Team 4 members, Jerome came to find me.
“Baron, can I talk to you for a moment?”
"Of course.”
We didn't have to go somewhere secluded.  Everyone politely stepped aside when the commander arrived, and the mage went so far as to use a voice-dampening magic spell.
“Hu hu, I didn’t intend to cause so much trouble.”
“It’s said that a heavy head is better.”
“…Is that so?”
“No, I just made it up.”
“…."
“So, what is it?”
As soon as I asked, Jerome cut to the chase.
“Sir Basil, I’m here to say I’ll take care of him.  Don’t worry too much.”
"Take care of him…?"
"There was friction between you and the mage tower, wasn't there? Because of that, he seems to be intentionally defying you and trying to be stubborn.”
“…Did he know about Kashaan?”
“Know about him? Not really. He just knows what everyone else knows.  I actually heard about the Seafaring Clan for the first time today. I’m not an explorer."
“…Then how did you know that the mage was intentionally defying you?”
“I may not have exploring experience, but I’m not ignorant about people.  Besides, Sir Basil is easy to read.”
He was unexpected. I thought he was a complete dolt, always leaving the troublesome tasks to his deputy.
‘He’s not, is he?’
This type is actually the trickiest. He effortlessly knows when to use force and when to use his head.  In a way, he’s similar to me.
“Anyway, so don’t hate him too much.  Until we leave this place, we are comrades, whether we like it or not, right?”
“Don’t worry.  I didn’t care about him in the first place.”
"Ha, is that so?"
“Anyway… you’ve had it rough.”
“Well, I don’t think of it as rough…”
“I guess you’re just born a soldier.”
“Hu hu, how about you join the army, Baron?  I think you’ll adjust well.”
Such a horrible thing to say.
‘Still, this is unexpected.  I didn’t know he would be so easy to talk to.’
Maybe we can be friends in the future.
"Speaking of which, Baron."
“…Yes?”
"May I ask a favor?"
"Favor?"
"It’s just that you look like someone I remember. That’s why I’m asking, though it’s probably not true…."
Jerome, who had been holding something between his arm and his waist, handed it to me, introducing it with an ominous tone.
"Here, try this on."
It was a helmet that covered the entire face.
“…I’m hungry, I’m going to eat first!”
…Being friends is out of the question.
I’m just going to avoid this guy as much as possible.
***
Tier 1 Beast, Kashaan, the Prophesied Wolf. 
We decided to summon him, but we didn't immediately summon him and start the raid.  Tier 1 monsters are no pushovers.  We needed to be in top condition, with full HP and MP, and…
“All units, listen! Sir Basil will now explain about the monster we’re facing.”
Before devising strategies, we needed to learn his patterns.  We couldn't just pick and choose what was necessary, like when summoning Tier 3 or Tier 2 monsters, because we had to prepare for unexpected variables.
“Ahem, ahem, hello soldiers. As you know, I am Gafen Basil, the lead mage of the first expedition team. I will now explain the characteristics of Kashaan, the prophesied wolf.  First, the origin of its name is…”
The old mage’s explanation, a man of theory and knowledge, was boring, to say the least.  But everyone listened intently, knowing their lives were at stake. Well, except one person.
Drrr rrrr rrrrr ng! Drrr rrrr rrrr rrrr kkk ng!
Ainar was snoring soundly.  The mage’s forehead veins popped, but she didn’t say anything, as if she could tell I was more of a concern.
‘Whew… I’ll have to tell her separately later, in a Barbarian way.’
Anyway, after the theoretical lessons, the leadership team met again.  Positioning, supplies to use, how to rotate the DPS cycle during the raid, and so on.  We discussed it for hours, and there was nothing that I felt needed to be changed. There was nothing to touch.
“Saintred, have you ever fought against this kind of monster?”
“Hmm…  Tell me if you have any concerns, I will listen with an open mind.”
Um, I didn’t mean that as a sarcastic remark.  I was just surprised because there were no flaws.  Jerome laughed happily and modestly replied.
"It’s fortunate that I listened to dungeon tactics in my youth.”
“Dungeon tactics? Do they learn that when they become knights?”
"Generally, they don’t.  It’s just that my father was a bit unusual."
“…I see.”
After that initial meeting, we all put our heads together, running combat simulations and constantly thinking about potential variables.
‘With everyone here like this, it feels like we’re playing TRPG.’
I always thought and did things alone when playing ‘Dungeon and Stone,’ so this kind of conversation is pretty fun.
"Well, that’s it for today.  Tomorrow, we’ll have a mock battle with the entire army, so get some early rest.”
Anyway, now that we’ve set up the plan.  The next day, we all gathered in front of the stone gate, going over the movement plans and rehearsing the battle for the whole day.
"You there! Your position is wrong! You're supposed to be here, not there!"
"Oh, I’m sorry…!"
"You… what’s your name?"
“Kelt Avison—”
“Wrong! Your name is a shame to humanity!!!”
“…?”
“You can’t just apologize and be done with it! What are military laws for? Are you stupid? Look there! Ainar, the Barbarian, is finding her place just fine!”
I questioned whether mock battles were useful in real combat, but I tried my best to sternly push them.  You never know.  Maybe this could save someone who was destined to die.
"…The Baron is truly a fearsome person."
"It brought back memories of my time as a trainee knight."
"Don’t be too upset, everyone.  Don’t you know the Baron yet? He’s just saying all this for our own good!"
"Well, he must be heartbroken while doing this."
Since I’d built up my favorability beforehand, no one strongly objected to my behavior.
“That’s it. There will be no other tasks until noon tomorrow, so take a good rest and train your minds.”
After the mock battle, we set up camp earlier than usual and went to sleep.  The next day at noon.
“All units, return to your positions!”
"Return to positions!"
"Place the book on the altar!"
As everyone stood in their assigned places, staring at the stone gate.
Drrr rrrr rrrr rrrr ng-!
The stone gate opened, revealing a blue light that flashed.  And slowly, from the darkness.
Kuuung—!
A four-legged beast with a creepy aura appeared.
「Your character has been exposed to [Unfortunate Prophecy].」
「Your Luck stat is fixed at -200.」
Let’s do this.