## Destination (2)
Jerome Saintred. 
Eliminating him would likely solve all our problems. They say a butterfly's wings can create a typhoon in another part of the world, right? He's a key figure in the prophetic dream, so getting rid of him would bring about significant changes. 
But...
“How do I eliminate him?”
That was the problem.
Sneaking him off to a secluded place and taking him out with my comrades was practically impossible. 
He wouldn't die so easily, and...
[He wouldn’t have died, I think he’ll wake up in the palace.]
I had seen it during my past journey. 
Jerome's body, shattered like a fly by Auril Gaviss’s hand, disintegrating into shimmering particles. 
I had also had a hunch about the nature of his ability.
'Eblus.'
A second-tier monster that appears as the guardian of one of the eighth-tier rifts.
And one of his active skills...
'[Pagan Altar].'
When activated, it creates an ‘altar’ at the designated location, making it one of the few ‘resurrection devices’ in [Dungeon & Stone].
If he dies, he always resurrects on that altar.
As a side note, the ‘altar’ can be created only once, and it’s destroyed after three uses.
So, in other words...
'Even if I assassinate him, he’ll simply return to the city and be executed for treason.'
The reason the royal family entrusted Jerome Saintred with the command of the exploration party was likely due to this skill. 
Even in the worst-case scenario, he could return to the city with the information, alone and alive.
'Ugh… why does he have to have such a bullshit skill.'
This situation made me want to curse the game.
I continued to ponder ways to eliminate Jerome Saintred, but no easy solutions came to mind. 
Instead, only images of my attempts failing and the prophetic dream coming true filled my head.
'Is this… am I going to end up like that?'
Perhaps nothing would happen if I just let things be. 
As that thought began to bloom...
Knock, knock.
Two knocks followed by a voice from behind the door. 
“Jandel, come out. It’s time for your shift.”
Right, I should just go and work for now. 
***
One day, two days, three days…
Time flowed like a river, and before we knew it, the rainy season had ended.
A rainbow appeared and disappeared as usual, and the exploration party's recording crystal captured the scene perfectly.
After a half-day break for the mages who had toiled through the rainy season...
“We will now enter the island!”
We, who had spent days on the ship, finally landed on the island and began our exploration in earnest.
Just as Jeju Island is called Samdado because of the abundance of wind, women, and stones, the Village Chief's Island after the rainy season had two things in abundance. 
“Monster pack detected ahead!”
“It’s a mutated one!”
Monsters.
And thousands upon thousands of magic stones scattered across the entire island. 
“If this gets out, the outside world will go crazy.”
“With this amount of magic stones, shouldn’t the royal family be controlling them? It means we can get this much magic stones every month…."
“Haha, that’s only from our point of view. Would the royal family be satisfied with just this much?  Imagine how much they make from the checkpoints alone.”
Even Jerome, who previously claimed to not care about magic stones given his vast wealth, hardened his expression and cautioned us. 
“Anyone caught stealing will be severely punished, so mages in charge of collection should take careful management!”
Hypocrite, he claimed he didn’t come here for money.
Even so, the vast amount of magic stones lifted the spirits of the exploration party.
It was a common practice for the royal family to let the exploration party handle the magic stone distribution whenever they sent troops to a maze.
“I’ll make sure to contribute more to this mission.”
“The unit we receive might be different, you know. I’ve been wanting to buy that magic tool, and this is perfect.”
The members, filled with joy, dreamed of a happy future.
However, Jerome, even after seeing the magic stones strewn across the ground, became even more focused on the mission. He diligently collected the magic stones along the way but stuck to the shortest path, heading straight for the destination. 
“Baron, is this the right place?”
“Definitely.”
We arrived at the entrance to the village chief's village.
However, no matter how much we looked under the tree where the entrance was hidden, we only saw blocked land.
“What’s going on here? Did they perhaps realize our presence?”
“I don’t know. It’s always been like this. When the rainy season ends and the monsters decrease, they usually come up to the land, circle the island, and collect the magic stones.”
“Hmm, I guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
“Even if they did notice us, they’ll have to come up eventually. They live off magic stones.”
They wouldn’t be able to stay hidden below the village forever if they didn’t want to starve to death.
“Form a siege formation with this tree as the center!”
After that, Jerome ordered us to surround the village entrance and wait indefinitely. At the same time, he formed a special operations team to collect the unclaimed magic stones scattered across the island.
The special operations team consisted of agile explorers with high mobility and mages capable of quickly collecting magic stones...
“Father… will you be alright until I come back…?”
“Don’t worry. I’ll take good care of Tersia.”
Amelia and Erwen were also pulled from our team, squad 4.
I desperately wanted to stop them, but I couldn’t go against the commander’s authority. 
He had the justification.
“It’s separate from accommodating the Baron’s needs. As long as you are affiliated with our exploration party, even if it’s temporary, there can be no discrimination in your duty.”
My heart pounded every time Erwen and Amelia left for their special operations mission, but nothing unusual happened until they had collected all the magic stones on the island over two days.
'Tomorrow will be the third day since the end of the rainy season….'
Perhaps the monsters are also decreasing?
We continued to surround the area near the tree, waiting for the villagers to appear. 
The exploration party members were enjoying the rare peace, but to me, this time felt like the calm before the storm. 
“Jandel, why are you staring so intently?”
“Can’t you see? I’m on guard.”
I replied, eyes fixed on the tree, and Raven chuckled.
Making fun of me.
“So why are you here? The mages are supposed to be over there.”
“There’s nothing else to do anyway. I’ve finished researching all the materials from the library.”
“Finished? Did you find anything?”
“No, the opposite. I finally admitted that there’s nothing left to gain from these materials and concluded my research.”
“I see.”
I wasn’t sure if she was telling the truth about being bored, but she came over to me and started chattering away. 
“Perhaps the greatest discovery we made in the library was the summoning book itself. The origin of its name, the characteristics of the monsters that were not revealed by any research… all those things were clearly written down in the book, you know?”
I knew she’d like that the most.
“What’s with that glum face? This is a huge achievement, you know? If it gets out, the academic world will go crazy!”
“Who cares if the academic world goes crazy? It’s none of my business.”
I replied with a bored tone, and Raven seemed to realize I wasn’t interested. She changed the subject.
“Anyway… they were called monsters that called themselves humans, right?”
“Suddenly?”
“It’s not sudden, I’ve been curious about it ever since I heard it. What kind of creatures could they be? Oh, I’m also curious about the Village Chief who claimed to be a Dragon Knight. Is he really who he says he is? If so, I have so many questions. It’s hard to find records from that era now…."
She seemed to be trying to find a common topic, but I still wasn’t interested in her chatter. 
She always did that. 
Whenever we talked, she always rambled on and on. 
“Raven…! Behind… behind you…!”
“!”
“Nothing there?”
“?”
Raven, startled and turning around, realized what happened and clenched her fists in frustration.
What’s she going to do with those tiny hands.
“It’s so annoying. Being a Baron. Is she a child?”
“Being the Vice Commander of the Third Magic Corps, you’re too naive.”
“It’s foolish of me to worry about such a human.”
“I’m a Barbarian, not a human. It’s a sensitive subject for me, so be mindful of that—.”
“Ugh! It’s so annoying! Fine, I’m leaving.”
Raven grumbled and went back to her post. I chuckled and watched her.
It was quite a productive conversation.
Especially since it relieved some tension and made things lighter.
She always was fun to tease…
“Co, Commander!!”
…Huh?
I turned my head towards the sound and saw Auyen rushing towards me, sweating profusely.
All sorts of thoughts rushed through my head.
“Something’s wrong! Something’s terribly wrong!!”
What’s going on?
Did something happen?
No, but the village entrance is here?
Is there another entrance or something?
As countless speculations swirled in my mind, Auyen Roclob told me something unexpected.
“Tersia! Tersia is trying to kill one of the mages in the exploration party! Please stop her!”
“…What?”
I ran to the scene of the incident.
“Don’t stop me!! I’m going to kill her. I’m going to kill her. I’m going to kill her…!! I’m going to kill her…!!”
Erwen, yelling wildly, was losing control. 
Amelia was holding Erwen tightly as if trying to calm her down.
“…..Eeek!”
A mage, terrified, was hiding behind a knight.
And a group of knights were drawing their swords as if trying to protect the mage.
“…..”
I stared blankly at the scene. 
I didn’t know the full details, but somehow…
“Her hair…."
Erwen had short hair. 