## Destination (4)
The question of how I figured it out. The answer is simple.  Their relationship developed far too quickly.
"Go ahead, try that execution."
"Destroy them! All except the leader can be killed."
A battle unfolded mere minutes after they met, and the village chief fled with his monsters.  A chase ensued, and there was something odd about it as well.
"He headed that way? Change the entire force's direction!"
The main force immediately pursued me after I separated. It was as if they were constantly watching my every move. Of course, this is just my feeling.  But even if they saw my sudden action by chance, it's hard to accept.  
If it was Jerome, the mission fanatic, the one who revealed his hostility towards the chief, calling him a traitor... he would have continued the pursuit, even in that situation, to finish the mission.
"Well, up to this point, it was just a feeling that something was off."
The final nail in the coffin was Jerome's request.
"Would the Baron happen to be able to take the lead?"
He asked me to be at the forefront. 
The one who was so obsessed with the mission that he was willing to protect the 'Prophet Wolf' Kashan, even when he fainted from their battle.  The one who, for the sake of the mission, thought nothing of his men's lives. 
He was trying to put me in a place where anything could happen? 
Feeling a strong sense of unease, I racked my brain and came up with one possibility.  
The problem was, that hypothesis proved to be correct.
"Those who have dealings with the Baron didn't know. I guess there are more rats than just them."
Jerome surveyed his men with cold eyes, seemingly suspecting I had someone's help in figuring out this situation. 
It makes sense, if you think about it.  It would explain my attempt to escape while we were being pursued.
"Anyways, the ones who have dealings with me... are probably Raven and Kaislan..."
My hypothesis was already proven.  I pondered what conversation the village chief and Jerome had.
The location was this island.  The time was clearly while we were asleep, when only the watchmen were on duty.  
My guess is that they met secretly and had a conversation.  And during that conversation, the chief made an offer.  
Something so important that Jerome Saintred deemed it more vital than his 'mission'.
"What was it? What did the chief promise that made him switch sides overnight?"
I asked bluntly, but Jerome seemed unwilling to answer.
"That's all the conversation we'll have. Baron, I've answered your questions, so lead us down."
It wasn't persuasion or a suggestion.
"This is an order I'm giving as the commander."
He sounded forceful, as if he had no reason to hide his true intentions anymore. 
"What if I refuse?"
"I will deem it as disobeying the order."
To be honest, I was a bit surprised.  
There were almost 200 witnesses here, so I couldn't believe he would act this openly. 
"He's confident he can silence them all..."
He would have many methods. 
Money, fame, reputation, power...  
There are countless ways the royal family can persuade, and even if persuasion doesn't work, it doesn't matter.  
There are more than just peaceful methods to silence someone.
"..."
I bit my lip and glanced at my companions. 
Did they feel my gaze?
"Yandell, don't even think about it. We're ready."
Amelia stood beside me, her words filled with determination.
"Even if you hate fighting, you fight when you have to. You were the one who said that, right, Bjorn?"
Ainar, her fighting spirit somewhat dulled, drew her weapon and stood behind me.
"It's earlier than expected, but... it was inevitable."
Bersil seemed ready to fight to the death, no matter what happened.
The only one who surprised me was Mueller Armin. 
"We will fight alongside you, Baron. It's the least we can do to repay your kindness."
He dared to oppose the royal army, not fearing treason.
"Uh... we... we... we don't know... but, we, well... we'll try to resolve it peacefully... first..."
White Hects, on the other hand, didn't seem willing to show that level of loyalty.
Well, to be honest, that's the normal reaction.
As if their side was starting to be affected by my taking a hostile position.
"If the Baron is correct... does that mean the Count has joined forces with the monster?"
"There's gotta be a reason... But, even if he does... to send the Baron to his death... is that even allowed?"
"Our mission was to rescue the Baron and return. There's something wrong here."
My achievements up until now. 
My reputation as a hero and the title of noble.
And all the charm work I've been doing.
It's not enough to warrant disobeying orders yet, but these three factors combined create a rift.  
Even if they were told to kill us right now, everyone would hesitate and wouldn't be able to draw their weapons.
The breakthrough lies there.
It's a small hole, like a needle's eye, but whether it grows or shrinks depends on what I do now.
Yes, so...
"I, Baron Bjorn Yandell speak!"
I shouted, lowering my shield that had been protecting my entire body, ready to fight.
"I swear on my honor as a proud noble and warrior who upholds the Lapdonia royal family! For the royal cause, I fear nothing! Even if it means sacrificing my life!"
In my hand was tightly clenched the 'Flawed Trust'.
Of course, it stopped working every time I spoke.
It's invisible from afar if I just hide it well, though.
"For the endless future of the royal family, I am ready to sacrifice myself at any moment!"
I complete my argument, showcasing a sublime pretense built entirely on lies.
"But! I don't know! If this is truly for the royal family! Or if you've made a wrong judgment with other intentions in mind!"
It was like poison.  
A poison that slowly seeps into your insides and leads to your destruction without you even knowing.
"How dare you... question my loyalty to the royal family?"
"How can I not? You haven't explained yourself properly! Explain it so I understand! Then I, Bjorn, son of Yandell, will go down there! Even if it means you're using me as a pawn!"
A strategy of clinging onto him like a drowning man.
"..."
The longer Jerome Saintred remained silent, the more doubt took root within the exploration team. 
Did he realize that too?
"Tell me, Jerome Saintred! What's down there, and what kind of deal did you make with the chief?"
Finally, Jerome answered my question.
"...I cannot reveal military secrets. But this much I can assure you. All of this is for the royal family!"
"I don't believe you!"
"...Why wouldn't you believe me?  Flawed Trust is working, isn't it? Everything I've said is the absolute truth—"
"You might just be deluding yourself into thinking it's for the royal family!"
"..."
Okay, from his expression, he's definitely gonna spit something else out if I push him harder... If I can just counter him one more time, turning the tide completely doesn't seem impossible.
"Tell me! How is me going down there for the royal family?"
Just when I was confidently shouting in my role as a loyal servant, a voice suddenly echoed in my mind.
"...You're wrong. Opposing him here will only lead to worse consequences."
A voice, somewhat weary, like a sigh, yet filled with kindness.
"Why are you making things so difficult for yourself by not running away immediately...?"
Whose voice was this? I pondered.
Suddenly-!
A dazzling silver light erupted from somewhere, and my mind went hazy.
***
"The Watcher of Fate intervenes."
"The power of the stars has been cast upon the character using Sven Parav's stigma."
"The character's body is deeply marked by the stars."
"The character's divine resistance stat permanently increases by +100."
"All healing and beneficial effects containing the power of the Reat拉斯教 are reduced by half."
"Beware. If you receive divine power again, the weak mortal body will collapse..."
***
When I opened my eyes, I was in the same spot. 
Or rather, I should say I was observing the same spot from a distance?
"Tell me! How is me going down there for the royal family?"
I, yelling as if I was berating someone.
And...
"..."
Jerome, his face flushed like a boiling kettle.
'What is this...?'
For some reason, I was watching the scene from the perspective of a third party, from afar.
Just when I questioned this phenomenon.
"Watch. The answer will be at the end."
The voice that echoed in my mind earlier rang out again.
My head felt dizzy, as if I was drunk. 
Maybe that's why?
The question disappeared, replaced by the sole thought that I must follow that order. 
"Why can't you speak? Do you know, maybe? That what you're trying to do isn't actually for the royal family at all?"
As I watched, the situation unfolded even more dramatically.
I relentlessly cornered him with my words, and he finally snapped.
"How dare you insult the royal family! You traitor!"
"Ha! Traitor? I'm not defying the king's order. I just doubt your judgment—"
"Ha! Did you really think I wouldn't know? That you're a traitor who's been pretending to be Bjorn, son of Yandell?"
"..."What?"
The 'me' I saw was visibly startled at that.  
It wasn't hard to understand his inner thoughts, as it was me.
He thought he was exposed as a demon.
But...
"I knew something was off from the moment I first saw you, but I was certain when I came here. You're the one who went by the name Iron Mask and operated in Noarck decades ago."
"Uh..."
"You must have been sent as a spy on orders from Noarck, pretending to be a newly-adult barbarian. During those 2 years and 6 months you were supposedly gone on a special mission, you actually just returned home. That's what happened."
"Uh..."
"Yet you dare to speak of serving the royal family? I don't know how you managed to disable Flawed Trust..."
"Disable? I haven't done anything—"
"Then take it off and show us properly. Look! It won't stop while you talk, will it?"
"..."
Game over.
"If I can get a traitor like you and use it for the royal family's gain, I'll do it a hundred times, a thousand times."
"..."
"Get him! Capture that traitor! If anyone tries to help him, consider them a traitor too and kill them! I, Jerome Saintred, take full responsibility!"
Jerome, who exposed my deception using Flawed Trust and quickly built a 'justification' that I couldn't properly counter, launched a full attack.
And...
"Get behind me!"
The world stopped as the members of Clan Anabada prepared for a desperate fight, with Hects Clan and Armin's expedition team out of the picture.
"What happens next...?'
Something answered my murmured question.
"Three of your precious companions will die. And eventually, it'll connect to the future I showed that child."
Finally, I realized who the voice belonged to.
The Goddess of the Stars, Reat拉斯, who governs fate.
An atheist like me having a conversation with a real god in a faraway world, yet it didn't affect me in the least.
There was only one important thing.
"Then what should I have done? They were obviously up to something. Should I have just gone down?"
The answer.
Like a desperate human always looking to the name of God, I sought an answer from the Goddess.
But...
"I told you, watch until the end."
With those words, the world that had stopped began to rewind, like time reversing.