## Destination (5)
The time that had started to rewind gradually returned to the past, stopping at a certain point.
“Could you perhaps take the lead, Baron?”
It was the moment Jerome asked me to lead the way. 
“Alright, but in exchange, I want priority for four items acquired after the second success.”
“Four?  … Alright. It’s not at all too much to give for a Baron.”
After concluding this brief negotiation, I began to descend into the tree below where the village chief had disappeared.
It was a scene I couldn’t comprehend.
To go down there so thoughtlessly in this situation?
[This is the fate I showed the girl. In this timeline, there was no prophecy. So you will go down there without any suspicion.]
‘Ah… ’ 
Now that she puts it that way, it makes sense.
The reason I could sense a discrepancy in Jerome was the presence or absence of a ‘prophecy.’  Because I knew something was about to happen, I was able to be extremely sensitive to everything around me.
Whoooosh-!
Anyway, the moment I descended into the tree below.
Suddenly, the world turned black, and the scene shifted as if I had closed and then reopened my eyes.
[I don’t have much time, so I’ll just hit the important points.]
The location was a cave.
A portal stone sat at its center, and I lay beside it, unconscious and asleep. The village chief approached me and began some unknown ritual.
[This is the space hidden beneath the basement you visited earlier. You, who had descended into the village, fought for a long time against hundreds of enemies, waiting for reinforcements. No one came. As you grew weary, you were captured and brought here.]
The space hidden beneath the basement that was filled with corpses.
‘… I can’t believe a place like this was hidden.’
At the time, the situation was so dire that I had no time to look for anything like that.
‘So, what happens to me now?’
[Watch. It’ll be over soon.]
2x, 3x, 4x.
Time flowed by quickly, like a video playing on fast forward.
When the speed of time finally returned to normal, black smoke was pouring out of the village chief’s body.
Whoooosh-!
The smoke that poured from the village chief’s body gradually flowed into my body, and soon, the village chief collapsed.
And…….
Swish.
I, who had been unconscious, opened my eyes and stood up.
‘I’ rose from my spot, blankly clenched and unclenched my hand, and spoke in a strange voice.
“Finally…….”
At that moment, the scene changed once more.
The location was not the village, but the center of the island, where the darkness of the labyrinth had descended. There, ‘I’ was having a conversation with Jerome Saintred.
“Now, give me ‘that’ as promised.”
“……….”
“Having second thoughts? If so, you should give it up.  If you don’t give it up, you won’t be able to live a proper life with that body even after you leave.”
“The royal family does have that kind of power, I’m sure.”
“If you know that, then—.”
“Then it would be better not to know at all, wouldn’t it?”
“What? You wouldn’t dare……!”
“The dead tell no tales.”
The conversation ended at that point.
When the scene changed again, blood splattered in front of me.
“Aaaaaaaaagh—!”
Everything in sight had transformed into a battlefield.
Hundreds of monsters were already surrounding us.  The exploration team fought hard, but they were gradually pushed back.
It was all because of the village chief who had taken over my body.
“He, he’s that strong…….”
“Baron…  Kill Yandell Baron!”
The village chief, who had taken over my body, had nothing to protect.
He didn’t even care about how many monsters died.  The barbarian character I had diligently nurtured to protect my allies ran through the battlefield like a destructive tank.
And how long did it last?
When it became clear that the tide had completely turned.
“……. Ugh!”
I, who had been slaughtering the exploration team members, suddenly stopped moving.
I had infiltrated among the rear-guard magic unit and was about to strike down the head of a magician.
“Le, Even…….”
My colleague, who had narrowly escaped death, looked up at me with fearful eyes and crawled away.
And seeing this.
Kwaang.
‘I’ tossed the hammer far away with a jerky motion.
I discarded my shield and unfastened the armor covering my upper body.
Seeing my form, my colleague who had been watching me from nearby pointed his weapon at me with wary eyes.
“Did… you return?”
A question from Amelia, who had escaped with her colleagues when the imprisonment state was lifted during the battle.
My answer was very brief.
“Emily……. Kill… me…….”
My colleague, hearing that request, didn’t respond or act. The blade that always stayed calmly pointed at any enemy trembled intensely today.
It was at that moment.
“If you can’t, then step aside!”
Jerome, realizing the situation, drew his sword and approached, and I glared at him for a while before smirking.
I couldn’t understand what he was thinking.
‘I’ closed my eyes and lowered my head.
And…….
“No……!”
“……. It’s his will……!”
As Amelia bit her lip and restrained Erwen.
Screech-!
The blade, enveloped in aura, struck my neck.
However, it didn’t pierce through with one blow, so it struck repeatedly.
Screech! Screech! Screech! Screech-!
The sword struck again and again like an axe chopping wood.
Over the silent plaza, a single scream echoed out.
“No, no, no, no…….”
One of my colleagues ran up to me, shouting, and poured a potion on my body.
Naturally, there was no response.
Potions don’t have the function to revive dead characters.
“You……! If not for you……!”
“Calm down, Thersia.”
“Ri, right now, you’re going to just let this happen—!”
“How can you properly kill an enemy when you’re so agitated?”
“……….”
“Calmly, calmly. Focus only on taking Yandell’s revenge.”
The Clan Anabada gathered and pointed their weapons at the exploration team, which had suffered critical damage.
“Think rationally. If we’re not here, do you think you can deal with those monsters?”
Jerome persuaded them earnestly, but it was futile.
Meanwhile, many members also defected from the exploration team.
“The Baron… was a hero. He tried to save us even at the end……!”
“To abandon such a person like an old shoe, and to end up like this… what is this, for the sake of the royal family?”
“I, Meland Kaislan, draw my sword for the justice I believe in! If you share my sentiments, stand behind me!”
“Treason! Kill the traitors……!”
Just as the situation reached its peak.
[Don’t look over there, look over there.]
I moved my gaze as the goddess instructed.
There was one person who was moving quietly on his own, completely uninterested in this chaotic situation.
‘Misha……?’
Misha approached my corpse and took something out of her arms.
Whoooosh-!
Although I had never seen it in person, I recognized it immediately because of the unique effect that erupted the moment it touched my body.
I didn’t know why it was in Misha’s hands.
‘That is…….’
The Stone of Resurrection.
***
The Stone of Resurrection.
An item with the overpowered ability to revive the dead.
Because of the absurdly high acquisition conditions, even I had only used it once in nine years.
‘Why… does she… have this……?’
At first, I simply wondered about this, but I quickly found the answer about its origins.
‘……. Baiho.’
It was a well-known fact that this fellow possessed the Stone of Resurrection.
I don’t know how he got it, but anyway.
The moment I was revived, the time that had stopped began to move once again.
“It seems I’m not dying after all.”
[Yes, you will not die.]
Why Baiho gave Misha the Stone of Resurrection.
I had a rough idea of his purpose.
However, the goddess, who had taken up residence in my mind, was different.
“Leathras… why are you trying to help me?”
The goddess answered briefly to my question.
[… Because that ending is not right.]
I wonder what kind of ending this goddess, who claims to see fate, saw to say those words.
I was dying to know, but I stopped there.
It wasn’t like I could force her to tell me with force.  There were a mountain of things I needed to take care of first.
Right, for example, like this situation.
Flash-!
The world turned black, and then brightened again.
I was lying unconscious in the cave I had seen earlier.
“What are you trying to show me this time?”
[I’m not trying to show you anything.  This is your current state.]
……. What?
I frowned, demanding an explanation about what she meant. An answer came back from within my mind.
In a small voice.
[I… don’t have the ability to stop time…….]
Ah, I see.
Even while I was watching like a video, the real world’s time had been flowing forward all this time.
[But everyone’s safe.  They are imprisoned, but…….]
It seemed she wanted to give me some follow-up care, as she told me about the general situation.
It was a very simple situation.
When I collapsed with a flash of light, my allies panicked, and were quickly subdued. 
Then I was taken to the village chief by Jerome.
“So, get me out of here!  I need to escape before that ritual is finished!”
[Getting you out of here isn’t difficult… But you won’t have any abilities even if you wake up now.]
“……. What?”
It was outrageous.
In other words, escape through force was impossible.
“What am I supposed to do in this state?”
I’m grateful for your intentions to help, but isn’t this even worse?
I secretly felt that way, but I still held onto hope.
She’s a god, after all.
Of course, she has a plan.
“Tell me. What should I do from now on?”
I pretended to trust her and changed my tone to a more polite one.
However…….
[… I can show you the path, but I can’t create it.]
“So… you have no advice to give me?”
The answer came after a long pause.
[… I’ve been watching your journey all along. That’s why I know. Your greatest strength isn’t your cold judgment, your knowledge of everything, or your courage to never be intimidated by any enemy.]
“……….”
[Your true strength is ‘words.’]
As someone who had woken up in a barbarian body and done more with my body than my words, it was an analysis I couldn’t easily relate to.
But I guess the goddess saw it differently.
[The seasoned explorer was destined to die in that maze with the noble magician that day.  But in the end, you survived. Because you bought time with ‘words.’]
She seemed to be referring to the event where I swallowed ‘Tempered Desire’ in Larkaz’s maze and negotiated with the Dragon Slayer.
[Your words have power.  You’ve already unknowingly altered someone’s fate once.  So…….]
The goddess finally finished her long introduction and gave me a tip.
[This time too… why don’t you try to solve it with words?]
Somehow, it was in the form of a question.
***
Thump, thump-!
A resonance felt from within.
Feeling alive again from that resonance, I took a deep breath.
“You’ve woken up.”
Well, his eyesight is unnecessarily good.
Well, it’s obvious considering his eyes are this big?
I opened my eyes completely and sat up.
“You would have been much better off just remaining unconscious.  For both me and you.”
“I think I have to at least struggle.”
The goddess told me to try to solve it with ‘words,’ but she was irresponsible.
So, what can I do?
I have to somehow resolve the crisis as she advised.
In fact, the moment I heard, I did come up with something that seemed plausible.
“….You’re remarkably calm.  It’s not like you know what’s going on.”
“Well, it’s obvious to me that you’re the one who doesn’t understand the situation.”
Did he think my actions and reactions were unusual?
The village chief shut his mouth and glared at me.
This fellow also had brains.  He realized that something had gone wrong. 
So, I played my first card.
“Chief, give it up now.  Even if you take over my body, you won’t be able to return to the city.”
“I thought you were just cursing me—.”
“I’m not cursing, I’m telling the truth. I’ve actually seen that scene.”
It was time to play my second card.
“Leathras showed me the future.”
The village chief thought for a moment, then surprisingly believed me readily.
“So, he collapsed with a flash of light, and she did intervene…….”
He seemed to find it more believable based on various circumstances.
Okay, so we’ve saved time.
“Tell me.  If you want to stop me, what did she show you?”
I modified the script a little to negotiate more effectively.
“You’ll take over my body, be attacked by Jerome, and lose.”
“…….My calculations are perfect. I won’t lose to them.”
“Then your calculations are wrong. Or perhaps you didn’t anticipate them ambushing you.”
“That guy… he ambushed you?”
The village chief’s eyes gleamed in the dark cave.
It seemed he hadn’t considered the possibility of being ambushed.
That was good news for me.
Therefore, I quickly continued.
“Chief, I understand why you want to take over my body.  But does it have to be my body?”
“It’s the surest path. You’ll eventually manage to escape this layer and return to the city.”
“Did you perhaps see a record stone about that?”
“……. I didn’t expect you to know about ‘record stones.’”
A response essentially implying affirmation.
This sudden new piece of information got me thinking, but for now, I decided to focus on resolving the current situation.
“If that’s the case, then it doesn’t have to be me.”
“But there’s no reason to take the risk.  You know the outcome. If you change your plan now—.”
Change? Why would you change?
I interrupted his words and went straight to the point.
“Jerome Saintred.”
The commander of this exploration team, known as the Knight of Light.
“How about his body?  He’s getting a little old, but he’s a count and good with aura. Aren’t you a knight too?”
And that wasn’t the end of his advantages.
The biggest advantage is something else.
“More importantly, if you take over his body, you can escape from this dreadful place right away.”
The bait that would be most appealing to the village chief.
“He has the essence of ‘Iblus.’”
This was my gambit. 