##  The Last Community (1)
A customization room filled with dozens of costumes and even more masks displayed against the wall. I woke up there, as usual, and donned my usual dark blue suit, placing a lion mask atop my head. There was no wasted movement, no wasted time.  It had become second nature to me. I came here every month, and to exaggerate a bit, I could dress and mask myself even with my eyes closed. 
“The last… one, huh?”
A tinge of sadness and regret settled in my heart.  Even though the information gleaned from the Round Table had become less important to me lately. 
“...”
My feet seemed to be glued to the floor, and even after I was fully dressed, I stood there for a while, idly scanning the displayed masks and costumes. While I was lost in thought, something occurred to me. I had almost completely forgotten about it. 
“The most similar destiny, they said…”
When new members first enter the Round Table’s watchtower, they instinctively choose the mask that most resembles their own destiny.  So why did I choose the mask of a male lion? It was far better than something like a goblin or an orc, but I’m not sure why I picked this mask.  ‘Actually, I was more of a tiger person than a lion person.’
Since a good amount of time had passed since I chose this mask, I wondered if there might be some clue.  But nothing immediately came to mind. So, I just moved on. Why was the fox a fox? Why was the goblin a goblin? What’s with the stag horns in the first place? It wasn’t even representing a stag, just a regular mask with stag horns attached to it. 
“...I don’t know.”
There was no more time to waste in this room, so I headed for the corridor. I passed the red carpet I had walked countless times, and pondered to myself. What mask would my companions have chosen if they came to the Round Table?  ‘Ainar would probably be a golden dog...’
I considered everyone, including Amelia and Erwin, all the members of Clan Anabad, and even the masks of my former companions, Raven, the dwarf, and Rotmiller.  It was unintentional, but Misha came last.  ‘Misha...’
It was much easier to picture her than the others.  Although it wouldn't be a very fitting mask for a Red Cat.  ‘More like a dog than a cat...’
Of course, not just any ordinary dog.  The scarred dog mask, displayed in the farthest corner, barely visible to the naked eye, would be perfect for her.  The problem was, some of those scars probably came from me.  ‘Enough.’
I stopped my thoughts, ending my wandering mind and resuming my walk. 
“Pssst… So you’ve arrived. I’m relieved. I was worried I wouldn’t be able to say goodbye.”
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine...  ‘I’d be sad if anyone was missing.’
Fortunately, every single mask I’d seen every month was present. 
***
Stag Horns, Crescent Moon, Fox, Jester.  Starting with the founding members who had been there since I first entered the Round Table.  Then the goblin, who joined upon his return, the queen who infiltrated undercover at the GM's request, and the three enigmatic figures – Black Mask, Wolf, and Butterfly – who joined all at once relatively recently.  
They were all in their respective places, their eyes fixed on me.  
“...”
Is everyone waiting for me to say something because this is the last Round Table? I don’t know, but I ignored their gaze, maintaining my persona until the very end, and headed to my seat. 
Thwoom-!
Usually, the meeting would begin the moment the door closed and I took my seat.  But today was different. They weren’t starting the meeting right away, they were chatting. 
“To think this is really the last one… It feels like a bolt from the blue.”
“I know, right? We won’t be doing this anymore from next month, will we?”
“Well, at least we’ll get a good night’s sleep. I’ve always had trouble sleeping the day after this meeting.”
Their whispers carried a deep undercurrent of regret. Even the queen, an administrator, was no exception. 
“...It’s a shame. There’s so much I still haven’t figured out.”
The queen briefly expressed her feelings, and the goblin, who had been watching her furtively, cautiously asked, “Um… so, if we don’t close the door, can’t we just keep it going?”
“That wouldn’t be possible, I’m afraid. We’re in a bit of a tough spot, too.”
“What kind of tough spot? Can we at least hear about it?”
“I’m sorry, Crescent Moon. I can’t really go into details. But I can tell you one thing… It’s not something we can control.”
“...Is the royal family really putting pressure on you?”
“I’m not going to comment on that, Fox.”
As expected, the queen was the center of the conversation. Since she was an administrator, she would definitely know about this incident, too. Of course, some people had other things in mind. 
“...Will he not be coming?”
“Who?”
“The Master. I was hoping he might show up today.”
The Wolf’s mumbling was met with a nod of agreement from the queen.  She’s always been interested in the Master, too. 
As I focused on the conversation and scanned my surroundings, the goblin shyly raised his hand. 
“You have something to say?”
“Um… well… This is the last time, so how about we all reveal our identities?”
It was a suggestion that made everyone question their ears.  In fact, everyone present gave the goblin a look of disbelief. Undeterred, the goblin continued. 
“We… We met here for a reason, right?  If we just say goodbye like this, we might never meet again. We could help each other out in the outside world… or maybe we could even create a new space like this outside—.”
“Goblin, stop it.”
It was Fox who put an end to the goblin’s rambling. 
“This very place was created to ensure anonymity. Who would reveal their real name?”
“I know, but... I’m just sad…”
“Pssst… But I think it’s cute that you’re thinking about it.  Well, my identity has already been revealed, so I don’t mind… Oh, I wonder if that applies to you, Goblin? Pssst pssst… This is actually a pretty clever plan, isn’t it? It’s a suggestion that only benefits you! You’re not going to lose anything!”
“Oh, no… that wasn’t my intention…”
The goblin was completely flustered by the jester’s mockery. 
Surprisingly, the queen came to the goblin’s defense. 
“Goblin, there’s no need to explain. We all know you didn’t mean it that way.”
“...Is that so?”
“Yes. You were just sad, right?”
“Yes… that’s right… ”
The goblin’s voice was dripping with regret.  Seriously, this isn’t even graduation.
The goblin is a softie, isn’t he? Or maybe he’s just a good person? He’s basically the weakest link in the Round Table.  ‘I wonder if it’s time for the meeting to start.’
Even though everyone was lamenting the end of this gathering, that wasn’t why they came here.
However...
“So, let’s stop talking now—.”
Just as Fox was about to finish the chatter and start the meeting...
“Hold on a second.”
Crescent Moon, a founding member, cut Fox off. 
“May I suggest something?”
“...A suggestion?”
“We don’t know what’s going to happen in the future, but this might be the last time we meet. So I was thinking…”
Crescent Moon then proposed to everyone.
“How about we change the rules this time?”
“...Change the rules? What do you mean?”
“We take turns asking and answering questions. Everyone has questions for each other, so why not?”
“Hmm...”
All the Round Table members had a curious look on their faces. They didn’t seem to welcome the idea. Sensing the atmosphere, Crescent Moon quickly added something to the proposed rule change. 
“Of course, you don’t have to answer questions you’re uncomfortable with. And we’ll go back to the usual format afterwards. What do you say?”
Silence followed Crescent Moon’s suggestion. Everyone remained quiet, but one person, with nothing to lose, took the initiative.
“Pssst… You’re all too simple-minded, aren’t you?  With those conditions, who would answer questions? They’d just spill the information they came prepared with.”
It was a thought everyone was having in their hearts. 
If there were no penalties, there was no reason to follow these conditions. After all, if these conditions were accepted, only the questioners would benefit. The others might not have been interested in the answers. 
“Forget my previous suggestion… just forget it.”
Crescent Moon eventually admitted his idea was flawed and withdrew his proposal. Then, Fox, who had been watching discreetly, took on the role of moderator.
“So, let’s start with… Stag Horns… Would you like to go first?”
“I will.”
Today’s first turn belonged to the knight, Stag Horns, a member of the royal family. The information he shared was short and to the point. 
“It’s highly likely that the royal family has nothing to do with this community’s closure.”
“That’s just speculation... You know you need to convince us with evidence when it comes to this kind of information, right?”
“The royal family is planning to send an exploration team to the 1st underground floor and use the community to share information. If they intended to close it, they wouldn’t have made such a plan.”
“What if it’s just classified information and not something you’re the only one who doesn’t know?”
The question implied that maybe there was a secret plan the royal family was keeping from him.  Stag Horns couldn’t answer, even though it clearly annoyed him.  It wasn’t impossible. 
“The judgment is up to each of you.”
Stag Horns left the decision to the members, and their judgment was a green light. 
The reason was simple.
“Exploration team… I knew they were keeping things under control, but I never thought the royal family would descend to the underground…”
Some people didn’t even know about the exploration team. 
Only Wolf seemed annoyed, but the jester, from Noirque, wouldn’t have known about the exploration team either.  Well, even though he received a green light, it was a bit unexpected. 
‘Is it because this is the last meeting? They seem a lot more lenient today.’
Anyway, moving on to the next turn, the second was Fox. 
“According to a reliable source… The exploration team is already with Viscount Yandell and they’re exploring together.”
Fox revealed information about the exploration, which I considered inevitable.  After all, we’ve been trapped underground for months. 
There was no way there would be any new information to reveal here. 
“But… isn’t that too trivial?”
However, the queen interjected, and the other members nodded in agreement.
Therefore, she had to share another piece of information. 
“Bjorn Yandell ate the ‘Essence of Bellarios.’"
Ah, so this is how it's going to be. 
It felt like witnessing a moment of personal information being leaked, but I didn’t feel anything particularly unpleasant.  After all, there were so many witnesses that the news would spread as soon as the exploration team returned.  
Well, he probably knew that, which is why he revealed it. 
“Bellarios… wasn’t that a 3rd-grade monster?”
“How many 3rd-grade essences has he absorbed already?”
“Do you know what color he ate, by any chance?”
“Pssst… What does a barbarian who only cares about getting tougher eat? It’s obvious, isn’t it?”
“I hear even aura doesn’t work on him… So, magic won’t be a weakness anymore, will it?”
Bjorn Yandell was becoming quite famous, I realized. 
The members, who usually brushed aside most information, were buzzing with excitement and throwing in their two cents.
“So, let’s move on to the next turn, then.”
Fox didn’t seem to want the conversation about me to continue, so she quickly resumed the meeting. 
“Ha! My turn to go, then.”
The next turn belonged to the Wolf. 
Auril Gabis, who had also acted as the Master of the Round Table. An old user who had been supporting and protecting that old geezer and revealing related information. 
“Auril Gabis is currently staying outside the city walls.”
The information he shared was once again related to that geezer. 
‘Staying outside the city walls…  Is Baekho’s guess right?’
The information was very short, but since it involved that particular individual, it was granted a green light without any issues. 
“Then the next turn goes to…”
The meeting continued smoothly after the Wolf’s turn. 
“Recently… I received a divine message.  It was in the form of a prophetic dream.”
“Pssst… You’re at it again with your divine messages—”
“In that prophetic dream, Bjorn Yandell died.”
The goblin, as if he had run out of other information to reveal, shared this pre-existing divine message as if it were the latest news.
“...?”
“...?”
“...?”
Everyone seemed to have question marks floating over their heads at this shocking news, but the goblin kept his mouth shut and ended his turn.  
Well, you gotta play the trickster like that. 
Anyway, all the information shared after that was short.
“...The Ghostbusters will never come back to life.”
The queen definitively declared that on her turn.
Crescent Moon mentioned the dwarves’ plan to create a new creation artifact.
And Butterfly, Black Mask, and Jester, as if they were saving their strength for later, just revealed some basic level information and passed their turn.
“Um… this is the last one, huh.”
It was finally my turn.  As always, eyes full of anticipation were fixed on me.  
But I ignored those gazes and looked in one direction.  
“...”
Crescent Moon was looking at me with more longing than anyone else.  For some reason, I found it difficult to meet his gaze.
[We take turns asking and answering questions.]
Crescent Moon proposed changing the rules all because of me.  He probably wanted to ask me something, since this was the last meeting.
‘Ugh... I was thinking about it, but I can’t bring myself to say it.’
I had actually already decided what information I would reveal first before I came. It was something I had to say before the meeting ended. 
Therefore, I forced open my stubborn mouth. 
“The Stone of Resurrection…”
The moment those words were uttered, a strange light flickered in Crescent Moon’s eyes.  
It was, of course, a fleeting moment. 
“...Only works when someone has recently died.”
“...?”
“Only if the body remains.”
The light of hope in the man’s eyes disappears. 
Simultaneously, Baekho’s words from earlier echoed in my mind. 
[But isn’t that a little hypocritical? You’ve always tricked and manipulated other people.]
Misha, Baekho, whoever.
Maybe nobody has the right to be angry with me.