## Return (2)
Fox, Wolf, Goblin, Queen, Butterfly.
And me, and Auril Gaviss. 
A total of seven gathered in the round table room, their presence settling into an uncomfortable silence.
It was only natural, considering they were all old users who had been dragged to this strange world for at least several years.
"Home…."
"You mean… you’ll send us back?"
Having spent a long time here, they knew all too well that achieving their goal of opening the abyssal gate and returning home was nearly impossible.
Most had accepted their fate, diligently living in this world.
But…
"Why, don’t you like the reward?"
The situation had changed. 
[Dungeon and Stone], the source of all this chaos, and its creator, Auril Gaviss. 
She spoke, none other than the woman who had caused this.
Play the game, win, and she would offer a return ticket home as a prize.
"Hmph, I thought it was a decent reward, but…"
It was an offer any player would be enticed by, drawn to it like moths to a flame, but the round table members remained surprisingly composed.
After all, who were they?
Those who had braved this harsh world until now.
They knew better than anyone that if something tempting appeared right before their eyes, it must be scrutinized first.
Just like this.
“…I’d like to know more about the game first.”
“If I have to participate to hear about it, then I’ll pass…”
Instead of immediately wagging their tails and leaping forward, the members prioritized gathering information for a proper assessment.
Auril Gaviss responded to their questions with a generous tone.
"To hear about it, you have to participate? Impossible. The game I prepared is quite simple.”
It was a peculiar situation.
Hearing her tone, she seemed like a friendly old neighbor, but from our standpoint, it felt completely different.
“…….”
Auril Gaviss paused, her voice trailing off, and the expressions of the round table members stiffened further.
What kind of game could it be? 
She couldn’t be having a senior moment and making us kill each other, could she?
As that thought lingered, the old woman finally spoke.
“It’s a quiz.”
It was a game none of us had expected.
"Quiz… you mean?"
"It’s the quiz you know, so stop with the skeptical looks."
"No, it's just that… I'm curious how it works."
"Ah, I didn't explain that. From now on, I’ll ask you questions and you answer them. True or false. It’s a multiple-choice quiz with only two options."
"You mean a true or false quiz…."
The goblin muttered, seemingly unconvinced, and Auril Gaviss provided further explanation.
Well, it’s not clear if this could be considered further explanation.
“The quiz will continue until only one person remains. Of course, you can also choose to forfeit."
"Hee…?"
The butterfly let out a sound like, "Is this for real?"
We all felt the same.
Forfeit?  It wasn't about failing a true or false quiz, but what did she mean by it?
“Do you mean there might be a situation where we have to forfeit?”
The queen immediately asked, cutting to the chase, and the old woman responded with another enigmatic answer.
"Well, you might suddenly feel that way. I always respect your free will."
Respect? Bullshit.
Everyone here was dragged from their games at home.
I wanted to retort with sarcasm, but I just bit my tongue, accepting my fate.
There was no point in speaking, anyway.
"Anyway, I think the explanation is sufficient. If anyone wishes to participate, speak up."
The old woman then took the time to ask about participation, and it didn't take long.
"You said there are no penalties for quitting or being eliminated, right?"
"Don't worry. Didn't I tell you? This game is a compensation for unveiling your masks.”
“Then… I'll play.”
With the queen, who had hesitated until the very end, finally expressing her willingness to participate, the decision was made. 
All the round table members would participate. 
Well, except for me.
“Sorry, but you can’t participate. Don’t be too upset, though. After all, you can’t return in such a way, can you?”
It wasn’t about not being able to return, but about her unwillingness to send me back this way.  I had to grow strong enough to eventually open the abyssal gate myself.
“Hee… Are you saying we’re different from you and the Lion?” I’m actually quite interested.
As the butterfly’s gaze intensified when she looked at me, Auril Gaviss clapped, attracting everyone's attention.
“No need to stall. Let’s get started.”
I realized it belatedly, but there was an O and X sign on each of our places.
Well, this truly felt like a mini-game.
‘…This old hag is definitely hiding something.’
What kind of trick is she trying to pull? 
I don’t know yet, but…
“Well then, here’s the first question.”
As the true or false quiz began, I finally understood why she said we could forfeit.
"The Fox’s mask is a mage.”
“……!”
"Hold up the O sign if it’s true, and the X sign if it’s false.”
…This isn’t a game of getting the right answer.
***
The moment the first question was asked, an awkward silence filled the room. 
“…….”
The fox, trying her best to control her expression, but failing miserably.
And…
"Um…."
The goblin, aware of the situation, was at a loss for words, looking at the fox’s face.
"Hmph…."
It seemed the queen had also realized the truth behind this game. 
Well, the remaining two didn’t seem to have figured it out yet. 
“Hee… Why don’t we just follow whatever sign the Fox picks? It’s her quiz, isn’t it?”
“Ho, that’s not a bad idea.”
All eyes turned to the fox, and after a moment of collecting her thoughts, she raised her sign.
"It’s O."
“So, you really were a mage. I had a feeling, but I didn’t know for sure.  Master,  isn’t it time to check the answer?”
Auril Gaviss nodded at the butterfly’s question.
“Congratulations. You all got the right answer.  Let’s move on to the second question right away.”
“…….”
"The Goblin’s mask is a paladin."
Even the wolf and butterfly, who had gone along with it, realized Auril Gaviss's true intentions from that moment on.
“…….”
“…….”
An eerie silence settled in the room, almost unimaginable for a game. The members held up the O sign, and a similar process continued to repeat itself.
"The Queen’s mask has never entered a dungeon."
The answer to the third question was O.
"The Wolf’s mask is the head of a clan.”
The fourth was also O.
“The Butterfly’s mask is a member of Noirk.”
Of course, the fifth answer was O as well.
At this point, I’m starting to wonder why she even bothered to make the X sign.
"Well, now it's time for the sixth question?”
The round was over, and the old woman’s gaze turned back to the fox. It was clear what she meant. 
We all had figured it out long ago.
This wasn’t a true or false quiz.
It was an exposé game under the guise of a true or false quiz.
That was the essence of this game, and since a round had ended, the next questions would undoubtedly be even more sensitive.
“Just to reiterate, I respect your free will, so if you want to forfeit, feel free to speak up.”
Respect for our free will…
It was a laughable statement before, but this time, the weight of those words felt different. 
After all, she had kindly given us a taste. 
Could she possibly know my true identity?  That kind of thought was impossible now.  As the rounds go by, the information we’d have to reveal to everyone would only increase.
“What happens if we quit here?”
The queen asked, and Auril Gaviss answered immediately.
“Nothing.  Oh, but the game has to continue, so you’d have to step aside.  One spectator is enough."
“How sure are you about returning home?”
"What can I say here that you’ll believe? The only way to dispel doubt is through faith."
“If you gave us some kind of evidence, something plausible…”
"If you can’t believe, there’s only one thing you can do. Leave this place.”
“…….”
“What else can you do?”
Her words, clearly a scammer’s rhetoric, did not deter the queen from immediately leaving.
Auril Gaviss chuckled at this sight.
“I knew you’d be like this.  In fact, this is your only way back home.”
“…….”
“Cheer up.  You just have to stay until the very end and become the winner.  Oh, or I’ll give you some time to go out and ask your friend? Whether you should do this or not. Just like you always did when something happened.”
“Stop it. Just continue.”
The queen snapped, and Auril Gaviss, seemingly amused, continued the true or false quiz.
Thanks to everyone’s silence and only holding up the signs, the whole round was completed in under 3 minutes.
"The Fox’s mask has killed an innocent explorer to steal their money."
"The Goblin’s mask has received a divine message from Réatlás."
"The Wolf's mask currently resides in the 7th district.”
“The Queen’s mask is a noble.”
"The Butterfly’s mask is a member of Orculls.”
I don’t understand why the fox’s past keeps coming up, but the second round was over in a flash.
And…
“…Master, I'm going to stop here.”
The Butterfly mask declared her forfeiture.
“I have a feeling my real name will come up in the next round. Well, I have nothing to hide… But I don’t want to. I can’t be sure if you’ll actually send me back home.”
“I understand your judgment.  Will you step aside now?”
The butterfly nodded readily at the request to leave, then turned to us and cheerfully said goodbye.
“I’ll see you guys outside someday!”
With her youthful appearance, she seemed quite charming.
But was it because of the true or false quiz that revealed she was a member of Noirk, a criminal organization called Orculls?
‘Why does it sound so unpleasant to hear her say that I’ll see her outside?’
It didn’t feel like a simple coincidence.
I have a feeling she’s not a regular human.
"I'm… going to stop here." 
As if the Butterfly’s quick exit had jolted her, the Fox also declared her withdrawal. 
“Hmm, I didn’t expect the Fox to make that choice.  She used to be so eager to return.”
“That’s right… But after I died once and came back to life, it all felt meaningless. My life now is precious enough to me.”
The fox, who gave that honest answer, gave Auril Gaviss a curt nod.
“Thank you for everything.  It doesn’t matter what your intentions were, but if you hadn’t taken me in, I wouldn’t be alive today.”
“…Thanks.  Even if it hadn’t been me, the Fox would’ve been fine.”
“Can I say goodbye before leaving?”
“Feel free to.”
The fox turned, meeting everyone’s eyes.
The wolf, the goblin, the queen, and me.
“It’s a shame we’re down to so few.  I didn’t expect to part ways without a proper goodbye.”
“…Me neither.”
"It’s nice to see each other’s faces, at least.  It feels like a real conversation.”
“Really…?”
“Yes, at least for me. I was a little surprised at first.  Live well, wherever you go, whether you return home or not.  I’m serious.”
The queen hesitated for a long time, unable to reply to her blessing. 
It was obvious.  She probably considered whether there were any ulterior motives behind those words.
She must have realized there weren't any.
“Thank you.”
The queen replied in a small voice, and the fox gave a gentle smile, ending their brief exchange.
Her gaze shifted quickly to the wolf, who she only had a short connection with, and then she lingered on the goblin.
Did she think we could chat outside?
She didn't say anything to the goblin and moved onto me.
"Actually, I had something I wanted to say to you. Is it alright?"
I nodded briefly, as if to encourage her, and the fox cautiously spoke.
"If life gets boring, try taking off your mask and creating a new one.”
Um…
"You’ll find life here much more interesting."
Why is it assuming I don’t have friends?
I don’t know, but I couldn’t help but chuckle at her words that followed.
“I did that, you see.”
This is a bit touching.