## Return (3)
The fox's departure further reduced the already dwindling number of participants. The wolf, the goblin, and the queen - only three remained in the game. Auril Gaviss, gazing at the empty round table, muttered, "We prepared diligently, but it's a bit disappointing. Only three left already."
Instead of displeasure, she felt more surprised. However, I understood her sentiment. This turn of events was unexpected for me, too.  'I didn't expect them to give up the return tickets so easily.'
Losing anonymity and exposing one's identity? In this world where evil spirits are summarily executed, it's a highly risky affair. However,  it's meaningless if one could return home. 
That's why I anticipated a chicken game. Yet...
The jester and the black mask left from the start, the butterfly swiftly cut ties, and the fox abandoned the game, finding life in this world bearable.  Before the game truly began, they were all dropping out one by one... 
"Then we'll proceed as planned," Auril Gaviss stated, about to resume the true/false quiz.  
The goblin timidly raised a hand. "I... I'm also going to quit here..." 
The third player to withdraw, following the butterfly and the fox. Auril Gaviss clicked her tongue. "Is that so? Then leave quickly."
"Aren't you going to ask for a reason? I... I'm not complaining... I'm just curious..."
"Very well. What's the reason? Did you perhaps have a change of heart after hearing Ms. Fox's words?"
"Uh... it... it's not like it didn't affect me at all, but..."
"But?"
"I... I don't know how to say it."
"Just spit it out."
Auril Gaviss's voice held a hint of irritation. The goblin averted her gaze and mumbled, "I just have a bad feeling about this." 
Hmm, if it's the goblin's intuition, it's worth trusting. That was my immediate thought, but Auril Gaviss seemed unimpressed.
"I see. Now that you've stated your reason, leave quickly.  Do you need time to say goodbye?"
"Yes, yes... I'll keep it short."
The goblin turned to everyone and spoke. "Once, I heard someone at the language school say that even a brush of sleeves is a form of fate. By that logic, being dragged into this strange world and meeting here while wearing masks is no ordinary fate.  S, some of you even know who I am."
A long introduction.  
However, the main point was brief.
"So, even if you have a reason to kill me, please spare me. Aren't we all players in this game?"
I was wondering what she was trying to say...
"...Is that all?"
"Yes? Oh, yes… that's all I wanted to say."
"Then go."
"Oh… yes… well, then, goodbye to everyone..."
As the goblin left, the queen and the wolf exchanged awkward glances.  
Now only two remained, entering the final round.  'Is this the real endgame?'
That was my first thought, but the situation took an entirely unexpected turn.
"I'm quitting, too."
Auril Gaviss finally revealed her true emotions.
"...What's your reason?"
Her voice carried a hint of anger, beyond annoyance. 
It's understandable. It seems like she put in considerable effort to prepare for this, but things aren't going as planned.
"The reason is simple. I don't trust you."
"Distrust... I have the power to send you home."
"Yes. Perhaps you do.  No, I believe it's highly likely that you possess that power. But, I still don't trust you."
The queen glanced at the wolf before continuing.
"This person has a close relationship with you, doesn't he?"
The queen seemed concerned, worried about being manipulated and tricked under the pretense of returning home.
"Even if you've orchestrated this to make him the final winner, I have no way of knowing. After all, to have a winner, he has to give up. But I doubt he'd do that."
It was an extremely rational judgment. 
However, it wasn't just a possibility, she was clearly influenced by the rapid withdrawal of other participants.
"No need for farewells. I'll leave now."
The queen departed without a word. Thus, the victor of the true/false quiz was determined, and the ending was anticlimactic.
"Uh… uh…?"
The wolf, wearing a wolf mask, was the victorious recipient of the sweet reward.  
Staring blankly, as if unable to grasp the situation, the wolf finally snapped out of it and asked in an excited voice, "Ms. Gaviss, can I go home now?"
Is this guy oblivious to the atmosphere?
Regardless, this was a spectacular spectacle for me, the passive observer.
"Of course.  A promise is a promise."
"T, thank you…! I, really thank you—."
"So, can you please shut your mouth for now?"
This guy was bursting with excitement during the true/false quiz.  'He's angry.  He's angry.'
This was a rare treat.
***
"... "
"... "
The wolf finally closed his mouth, acknowledging the atmosphere.  
Did he find his courage in this situation?
"So... uhm... when... can I receive my reward?"
The wolf once again brought up the reward to Auril Gaviss. 
"I will come for you when the time is right. So, can you leave now?"
Her voice held a deep-seated irritation.
The wolf didn't press further and bowed.
"...Yes. I will wait outside. Ms. Gaviss."
As the wolf departed, only the two of us remained at the round table.
I opened my mouth for the first time in a while.
"Are you really going to send him home?"
A question filled with sincerity, asking him to be truthful since we were the only two left.  But this sly old man wouldn't answer honestly.
"Hmm, what do you think?"
"Well, to be honest, I don't think it'll end well."
"You lack faith in me."
What a ridiculous statement.
Then act like you're trustworthy for once. 
"Anyway, it's a shame it ended like this. If we had played a couple more rounds, you could've enjoyed a fascinating show."
"A fascinating show? Your taste is unique."
"I won't deny it… but you're not in a position to say that."
Well, I couldn't deny it either.
The actions I've taken under this mask aren't much different from this old man's.
I asked directly.
"So, why did you do this?"
The apologies about exposing his face are all excuses.
But I still don't understand why he prepared this true/false quiz. What was his reason?
"Trust is like gambling.  For what you've bet, I hope you'll come back this time."
"But?"
"There was something I wanted to show you before we talked. But… now that things are like this, it feels silly to explain it in words."
"You have a talent for dragging out the word ‘secret.’”
"Haha, then you have a talent for making everything simple and clear?"
This old man, he's old as hell but he's determined not to lose a single argument.
He was a hideous old man, but I, raised in a Confucian nation, chose to endure it.  I couldn't miss this opportunity, meeting him like this.
"Alright, I have a question."
"A question? Ask."
"How did you find out about me?"
It was a question I planned to ask when we were alone.
He didn't seem to be probing me.
[Isn't it true that this place is something you created?]
This old man threw that question at me the moment I entered the round table today.
In other words, he knew that the Lion mask was the same 'Nibels Enche' I encountered 20 years ago.
'No, actually, judging from the way he speaks, it seems like he knows I'm Bjorn Jandel, too.'
Anyway, I needed to confirm how much he knew before we truly began our conversation.
"But you're so inconsistent with your speech. Are you going to start calling me 'Sir' now?"
I asked with a playful smirk. Auril Gaviss responded with a welcoming tone.
"Uh… yes.  Now that everyone is gone, there's no need to act like a detective anymore..."
He seemed uncomfortable with my constant informal speech.
"Well, alright. It's not difficult. Anyway, what's the answer? Is this a secret too?"
"Oh, you're asking how I found out about you?  That's simple. I waited and waited until 20 years had passed.  I had enough information, so it was easy to figure out you're Bjorn Jandel."
Hmm, I see.
A plausible explanation, but there's another contradiction here.
"But there's something strange about that. Why didn't you recognize me when we first met at the round table last time?"
"Well, from your perspective, you hadn't met me yet. I decided it was better to wait a little longer."
"And now is that time?"
"It's similar.  Until now, I've tried to avoid meeting you as much as possible… but there's something I want to confirm as soon as possible."
Ah, right, he said he came to ask me a question.
"Then hurry up and spit it out. What do you want to know?"
I asked with a casual, "tell me anything" attitude, and the old man took his chance and quickly voiced his question.
"You said you met a witch here, at this round table, didn't you?"
"Yes, so?"
"I'd like to hear the story in detail. Where and how did you meet the witch?"
What the hell, déjà vu?
It's the exact same question the wolf asked me earlier.
'Ah, did he come here personally because I wouldn't answer him?'
It seems reasonable, actually.
That means this information is crucial enough to alter his original plans.
From another perspective, it means...
'I'm the one in control here?'
The moment I realized that, I was already leaning back against the chair, arrogantly crossing my legs. 
The instinctual action of a K-Barbarian, sensing a favorable situation.
"... "
Auril Gaviss glanced at me, puzzled by my change in attitude, but didn't say anything.
'Okay, I can tolerate this much.'
Tap, tap.
As I absentmindedly tapped the table, my eyes caught the discarded true/false signs. 
The old man created them with a flick of his wrist.
'Come to think of it, he said he got all his power back.'
I licked my lips and 'requested' a favor from Auril Gaviss.
"Excuse me, old man? I'm thirsty, could you make me a Sprite?"
"...?"
"Oh, with lots of ice, nice and refreshing."