## Return (5)
Ghostbusters.
A space created twenty years ago, now a refuge for countless users grappling with nostalgia.  The space's end came abruptly, as always.
[Urgent Notice] The server will soon be shut down.
[If the connection is forcibly terminated, unexpected problems may arise. All logged-in users are requested to log out as soon as possible.]
The message appeared about five minutes after I received Hyun-byeol's note. 
Upon refreshing the page, the forum, already exuding an end-of-the-world vibe, descended into chaos. Posts ranged from queries about the reason for the sudden closure to messages seeking specific individuals, interspersed with mindless spamming, a sight rarely seen during the forum's well-managed days.
[Guys, urgent. Please reply.]
[Guys, urgent. Please reply.]
[Guys, urgent. Please reply.]
[Guys, urgent. Please reply.]
[Guys, urgent. Please reply.]
[Guys, urgent. Please reply.]
Curious about the reason for such urgency, I clicked on one of the posts. As expected, it was nothing substantial.
[What happens if I don't leave?]
Ugh, I knew it.
Despite my initial skepticism, I checked the comments because I, too, was secretly curious.
[these99: What happens? You'll be logged out.]
[└Writer: Really? Then I'll just stay here until the automatic logout.]
[└fliccolo: You didn't see the part about unexpected problems? Just get out with your own hands. You might be stuck as a moron forever if you mess up.]
A chilling tale indeed.
To become a moron for failing to log out on time…
While I doubted the severity of the consequences, I couldn't completely dismiss the possibility, considering this space's peculiarity.
'The GM's wording "unexpected problems" is also a bit concerning.'
Even if that weren't the case, I had no reason to stay until the very end. So, I skimmed through the forum posts one last time and clicked the logout button.
[Are you sure you want to log out?]
The familiar choice window, reminiscent of my initial entry into this world, appeared, divided between "Yes" and "No."
Click, click.
As I clicked "Yes," my vision turned black, and a sensation of being sucked into something engulfed me.
It was time to return.
Not as the enigmatic, absolute being behind the Lion Mask, nor as the ordinary office worker Lee Han-su.
“…You came out 6 seconds earlier than usual. Did something happen inside?”
Bjorn Jandel.
***
When did it start?
Amelia was always there whenever I came back from the forum. 
Despite my repeated protests about not needing her constant presence, she was always there the moment I opened my eyes, leaving me speechless.
To be honest, I wasn't entirely ungrateful…
“Didn't you say you were going to sleep earlier? Are you even lying now?”
"I was going to, initially."
"Then?"
"I couldn't sleep."
Couldn't sleep, my foot.
Seeing my smirk, Amelia hastily added, “ …And you never know what might happen inside the Labyrinth.”
Well, that's not entirely wrong.
As I sat up, Amelia handed me a glass of water and pressed on, "So, what happened inside?"
“The forum was shut down today.”
“Closed down…?”
I quenched my parched throat with the cold water before elaborating on the events inside.
The notice that popped up immediately after I entered the forum.
And the information about the closure I gleaned from the Round Table.
“Hmm, Auril Gaviss was involved in the closure… ”
“The official reason is to prevent the demons from becoming sluggish, but that's unlikely to be the truth. What do you think, do you have any insights?”
“I don't know… If anything comes to mind, I'll let you know.”
Tch, she doesn't have any insights either.
Of course, she's never actually met Auril Gaviss, so it's only natural. As I contemplated this, Amelia shifted her tone and fixed her gaze upon me.
“So Jandel, what else happened inside?”
“…What?”
“There's no way you're making that kind of expression just because of that.”
"What expression…?"
I tilted my head in confusion. Amelia carefully opened her mouth.
“I might be wrong, but… ”
“Don't beat around the bush, just say it.”
“You seem distressed.”
Ah…
“Did something else happen inside, perhaps?”
Ha, I can't hide anything from her.
What do I do? Should I tell her? Should I not?
For a moment, I hesitated, but in the end, I simply recounted everything that happened inside.
There was no point in hiding it anyway.
…And it would be awkward to lie to someone with such wide, innocent eyes.
“I see… So, that happened inside.”
It didn't take long to finish the story.
I meticulously narrated the events in chronological order, excluding my personal opinions.
Yet, Amelia seemed to instantly grasp what was troubling me.
No, it felt like she understood better than I did.
As I listened to her words, I realized she was right.
“You're currently struggling with whether you have the right to be angry with Misha Kalstain.”
Amelia had concisely summarized my psychological state, even though I wasn't fully aware of it myself.
It felt like she had peeled away my skin, leaving me exposed.
Perhaps that's why, I instinctively retorted.
“It's not that simple. It's not just about Misha, it's a complex issue involving everyone else — ”
“But the core of the issue is Misha Kalstain.”
“….”
"Am I wrong?"
…I was speechless.
So, I just kept my mouth shut. Amelia calmly opened her mouth and posed a question.
“Can I hear about what happened that day?”
There was no need for a qualifier to clarify which day she meant.
It had to be that day when I claimed nothing had happened.
It was from that day onwards that Misha began to isolate herself, refusing to interact with anyone.
‘…Where do I even start?’
After a brief moment of contemplation, I decided to start from the beginning.
“Do you know about the Stone of Rebirth?”
I needed to explain this before I could discuss the issue with Misha, because I hadn't revealed the details to anyone yet.
“To some extent.”
“Misha Kalstain received the Stone of Rebirth from Baekho before returning to our Clan. And I questioned her about it.”
“And?”
"I asked her if she knew about the Stone of Rebirth wiping out all memories of the recipient when used. She said she didn't know. So I said, okay, then leave. "
“So… what happened next?”
I sighed in response.
“Misha Kalstain didn't leave. She begged me to say something, anything, even if it meant she'd be angry. So I just told her the truth.”
“….”
“I… don't believe you. Even after hearing what happened today, I thought you were hiding something else,  that was my first thought.”
With that, silence fell between us.
“…And then?”
“That's it.”
Misha left without a word, and we never had a proper conversation after that.
That's the whole story.
"I see."
Amelia seemed to be organizing her thoughts for a while after hearing the entire story. Then, she asked an unexpected question.
“Why did you hide the story about Misha Kalstain from us?”
I don't know… Why?
Why did I keep the story about the Stone of Rebirth from Amelia?
I wanted to feign ignorance, but I knew the answer.
“…Because Misha Kalstain would be ostracized.”
Misha's standing in our Clan was already precarious.
Erwen looked upon her with disdain, and Bersil openly considered her a potential traitor.
Even Ainar, a former comrade, had grown distant, as Misha struggled to connect with anyone after two years of social isolation.
If the truth about her involvement with Baekho were to come out, the consequences would be obvious.
‘She would be even more ostracized.’
It might even lead to her leaving the Clan altogether.
However, that's precisely why I find myself ridiculous.
‘What am I trying to do, anyway?’
Just as I felt myself becoming increasingly lost in my own state, Amelia nodded in understanding.
“That's why you didn't use 'Twisted Trust' on Misha Kalstain.”
“….”
“You must have thought there was more to it.”
She hit the nail on the head.
It was a paradoxical situation.  I couldn't use that item because I didn't trust Misha.
It was like Schrödinger's cat.
The moment you open the box, the outcome is determined, leaving no room for redemption.
So, I simply left the box unopened.
And, gazing upon my pathetic self, Amelia spoke.
“That's so Jandel.”
Her words sounded accusatory, yet her gaze was gentle.
“Bjorn Jandel. At dawn, take 'Twisted Trust' and go to Kalstain. Ask her if there's anything else she's hiding. And if she says there isn't, treat her like a comrade again.”
"What if she's hiding something?"
“Well, we'll have to think about that then.”
“That's… a bit irresponsible, don't you think?”
“But you know you can't put this off forever.”
Well, she's right.
I sighed deeply, overwhelmed by frustration. Amelia offered words of comfort.
“Do what you have to do, even if you don't want to.”
“….”
"Bjorn Jandel. Be yourself."
Be myself…
What kind of person does she see Bjorn Jandel as?
As that thought arose, I was struck by a sudden realization of how I viewed her.
“…Why do you look at me like that?”
“Is it just because you look more mature than usual?”
A heartfelt response, unfiltered.
“Ugh…?”
Amelia flinched as if someone had punched her in the chest.
She looked at me for a moment before sighing.
“Take it as a compliment.”
…Can this be interpreted differently?
***
The next morning, after a night of deep sleep.
I immediately approached the Clan Chief and received 'Twisted Trust', intended for use on Misha.
Even as I did, my mind raced with doubts.
‘Should I use this…?’
My hesitation wasn't due to a fear of Misha hiding something, but rather a deep unease about using such an item on a comrade.
What if this became a precedent?
Would I start relying on 'Twisted Trust' every time I had doubts, from this point on?
And could such a relationship even be considered a comradely one?
It was these fundamental questions that plagued me.
However…
‘Using it will be a one-time occurrence.’
I had no idea how things would unfold in the future, but for now, I resolved to use it only once.
Right, so…
Knock, knock, knock.
I knocked on the door, having stood there in a daze for a while.
There was no response. She wasn't asleep anymore, but…
“It's me, Misha. Can we talk for a minute?”
As I knocked on the door again, a sound of movement came from inside the room.
“E? O? B, Bjorn? J, just a sec, la… ”
The door finally opened about five minutes later.
“What… is it…? This early in the— ”
She looked much cleaner than I expected, considering she'd been described as a recluse. Perhaps she was washing up, for her hair was still damp.
"Can I come in?"
“U-um… It's a bit messy… ”
“It's fine.”
I boldly stepped across the threshold.
And immediately held out Twisted Trust.
“That… ”
Misha's expression, as she instantly recognized the item, was a mix of emotions.
She looked relieved, she looked happy. At the same time, she seemed disappointed and even frightened.
Perhaps that's why, she couldn't easily open her mouth.
But, I forced myself to speak.
“I'd like to activate this before we talk, would you allow me to?”
The answer came after a moment of silence.
Not exactly an answer, but rather a counter question.
“If you activate that and I answer everything… ”
“….”
"…Will I be able to go back? Like before?"
That question arose before I could even answer.
What exactly did she mean by "going back"?
Was she referring to that time when our hearts seemed to connect, or simply the comradely bond we shared?
It had to be the latter.
It was Misha who had drawn a clear line and pushed me away.
"Maybe."
I cautiously offered a positive response.
It was conditional, of course. If Misha truly had nothing left to hide from me.
Then, perhaps I could truly go back.
To the days when this wouldn't have been a cause for worry.
"Then… okay."
As Misha nodded, her fists clenched tightly, I began my questions.
[The character has used [Twisted Trust].]
I always say this, but it's a fitting name, isn't it?
]]]