## The Original (1)
A one-person rift opened when you touched the statue.
Every explorer, magician, and officer in the expeditionary force unanimously agreed on this phenomenon.
All the statues.
Or, it was highly likely that the stone gate would open and lead to the next stage when a certain number of statues were activated.
Naturally, I agreed with that opinion.
Therefore, after clearing the Green Mine, I conducted various experiments for a long time.
I tried reopening a rift that had already been cleared.
I also checked if someone who had already cleared it could re-enter the same rift.
I observed when the open portal would disappear.
The raid was put on hold while I continued my research.
It wasn't wasted time.
Aren't other games the same?
To do well, you need to thoroughly understand things like activation conditions, enemy character characteristics, and skill interactions.
‘Okay, I'm starting to understand.’
As research progressed, a lot of information was gathered.
Things like the portal would close ten minutes after someone entered, or that you couldn't open the portal while someone was entering.
Excluding those, the important points could be summarized into five main categories.
1. The statues operate at least seven times or more.
The reason why I said at least seven times or more is because there are only seven samples.
Seven people, including me, have already cleared the Green Mine, but the statues still create portals whenever you touch them.
‘Let's assume there's no limit on the number of times they can be activated.’
Next.
2. The guardians have a guaranteed drop of essence.
However, they don't drop anything else.
This was based on the fact that not a single rift stone or numbered item was dropped in seven attempts.
Well, this is based on probability, so we need more samples for confirmation.
Anyway.
3. When you clear a rift, one red light appears on the carved parts of the closed stone gate.
Ah, this doesn't seem to be repeatable.
The light only turned on once when I cleared it for the first time. In other words, to turn on all the remaining lights, you need to clear all the statues.
4. When the statue of the guardian on the 5th floor, the highest difficulty, is activated, two portals open.
This information was confirmed after finding out that there's no limit on the number of times the statues can be activated, and that the opened portals close after ten minutes.
The 5th floor rift has two portals.
Simply put, two people can enter.
In other words, the 4th floor and below are all for one person, meaning you have to clear them alone.
Anyway, finally.
5. Even if you enter the portal with all the buffs you can get, they're all gone once you enter.
Since this kind of loophole is blocked, only those who are truly strong enough can clear the rift.
I couldn't help but feel a sense of dread.
[Dungeon & Stone] wasn't a game where you could dominate everything just by being high level and having many essences.
I believe myself to be among the strongest in the world, but even I have enemies I can't easily overcome due to their attributes.
‘…But since two people can enter, maybe it's possible?’
Although the concept of this field is to have one-person rifts, there were no restrictions on entering this stone chamber.
Thanks to that, we were able to enter with over a hundred people.
And since every single one of them is an elite, we just need to choose the best explorer for each attribute and put them in.
‘Let's… start.’
It was time to begin the raid in earnest.
***
Unlike normal rifts, the boss room was only a short distance from the entrance, so it didn't take long to clear the early stages.
The cursed knight Blater of the Blood Citadel.
The tyrant Tarunbas of the Ice Cave.
The iron man Ildium of the Iron Tomb.
All of them were defeated quickly, and all three dropped essences.
Well, I wouldn't be eating them anymore.
But that didn't mean there wasn't any gain.
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3”
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3”
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3”
After killing them a few times, I became certain—there's a guardian slain bonus here too.
But.
‘It's a shame.’
You can't re-enter a rift once you clear it.
Even if someone else opens a portal, you simply pass through it and continue forward.
‘If only that wasn't the case, I could have copied the experience points.’
It was a regrettable aspect, but I decided to think positively. After all, how much experience points would I get from killing all the guardians I haven't killed yet?
Perhaps this is better for me than mediocre essences.
‘There are still quite a few guardians I haven't encountered.’
Combining that with the first subjugation experience points, I could theoretically gain 200 experience points from this raid alone.
However, I wonder if other explorers were thinking the same.
As we were about to move onto the 2nd floor guardians, someone approached me.
“May… I also try my hand at this?”
“Your name is…?”
“Miles Humbreak. Sir.”
Ah, right.
I remember him because he wasn't a knight but an explorer who was recruited into the expeditionary force.
Come to think of it, there were quite a few explorers like this in the expeditionary force.
“In the case of the 1st floor rift, I haven't established any merit with the guardians, except for the Blood Citadel. If you would allow me—.”
“I'm not the one who grants permission, go to the count.”
“The count said that it was fine as long as you allow me to enter, Sir.”
The village chief seemed to be a figurehead even here.
“Hmm.”
What should I do?
If he dies, we'll just be losing manpower.
While I was pondering, the explorer spoke earnestly.
“I understand your concern, Sir. It must be unsettling for you to see me willingly enter a place you have no reason to enter anymore.”
“…”
“But do not worry. I'm not weak enough to lose to a mere 7th grade beast, even though it's called a guardian.”
“There's a condition before I grant permission.”
“Condition…?”
I chuckled as I saw the explorer's serious expression.
“Why are you so tense? Go to the mages and learn everything about the guardians before you enter. That's my condition.”
“…Yes? Ah, I understand! Thank you! I'm truly grateful!”
He must have thought there'd be another kind of request. He was moved by my words and left with an expression of gratitude.
However, I didn't know.
Why judges would always whine about precedents.
“Sir…?”
“May I also try my hand at this…?”
The other explorers who had been watching, taking their cue from the first, approached me.
‘Well… I granted permission to that guy, so I can't really refuse these guys either….’
It was too much trouble to answer each one of them, so I ended up leaving it to Raven.
“Ask Aruah Raven if you want to try or not. I'll grant permission if she does.”
“Huh? Why am I suddenly involved?”
“Aren't you the one who knows about rifts?”
“Don't lie. You're just trying to get rid of the hassle because you know I know about them—.”
Tsk, that's why they call her sharp.
I quickly cut her off and said firmly.
“It's not because it's a hassle.”
“…”
“It's because I trust you.”
That wasn't entirely a lie.
There were other mages I could delegate this to, but none as meticulous as her.
Plus, she's weak to praise like this.
“Haah.”
Raven sighed, but nodded as if she couldn't do anything about it.
“…I'll only send those who can survive. Those are the only ones I'll send. Okay?”
I knew it.
I did throw her into the hassle, but seeing her eyes filled with a sense of responsibility, I figured I wouldn't have to worry about this part anymore.
Just as I was thinking that.
“Yandell.”
Amelia called me.
She probably wanted to see if she also qualified to challenge the guardians, right?
It seemed likely considering the timing.
But.
“May… I also try my hand at this…?”
Amelia's question, asked in a way unlike her usual self, was completely different from my expectations.
“What…?”
“Ahem, ahem… If there's merit in defeating the guardians, it would be a shame to miss this opportunity. Actually, not just me, I think all the other members should enter too.”
Amelia coughed as if embarrassed by my staring, but continued to explain her opinion logically.
It was hard to simply ignore her.
‘Hmm… it is actually the most reasonable solution.’
The contemplation didn't last long.
“Alright, go ahead. But only up to the 3rd floor.”
“Okay, I'll prepare them. Even if it's not for everyone else, if I'm going to put Ainarr Pnerrin in, I need to prepare her properly beforehand.”
“I'll leave that to you.”
It would be a lie to say I wasn't worried about them entering the rift without me, but I couldn't always be a mother hen to them.
So I'll just trust them.
Amelia, Ainarr, Erwen, and Misha.
All four of them will be able to handle it up to the 3rd floor.
‘I've taken a long break, haven't I.’
I watched the explorers receiving a lecture on rift guardians from Raven for a while, then I skimmed over the statues I hadn't cleared yet.
There were eight types of rift guardians on the 2nd floor.
On the 3rd floor, there was one, the Doomsday Knight of the White Temple.
‘Two on the 4th floor….’
On the 5th floor, there were a total of twelve types, including the unique rift.
And.
‘There are fourteen types of unidentified guardians, including Cambormier.’
Combined with the four guardians from the 1st floor, that makes a total of forty-one.
‘I've killed four of them so far….’
That means I need to kill 37 more guardians.
‘…Let's deal with the easier ones first.’
There's no time limit here, right?
Something like having to kill them all within a few days…
***
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3”
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3”
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3”
“Guardian slain bonus. EXP +3”
“Guardian slain…”
***
When I came out after clearing all eight of the 2nd floor guardians, the atmosphere was quite chaotic.
They seemed to be welcoming me back, saying I'd done a good job…
“What's the record? What's your record?”
“Three minutes and twenty-seven seconds!”
Some people immediately checked the time as soon as they saw me from afar, and they were diligently writing something in their notebooks.
I think they were doing that earlier, too.
“What are you writing?”
“…I, I was simply recording how long it took you to kill the guardian and come back, Sir.”
For some reason, I felt a wave of displeasure at that answer.
As if I were a racehorse in a racetrack.
“You wouldn't be betting on me, would you?”
I asked with a stern expression, and the magician began to frantically wave his hands in panic.
“No, no, of course not! Absolutely not. It was… simply out of curiosity… I wasn't the only one, everyone else was recording too.”
Hmm, I guess I can't really get mad at that.
“You… see, information is important.”
A mage without a journal isn't a mage.
There's a saying like that, and knowing how mages are obsessed with recording, I didn't press him further.
‘Misha and Erwen are in the middle of their raid… Amelia is in class?’
While I was thinking about this, a portal opened and an explorer who had challenged the Ice Cave came back.
And.
“How long did it take?”
Someone asked immediately after he came back.
“One minute and twenty-four seconds.”
The magician who was recording responded in a business-like tone, and the explorer asked again.
With an oddly intense expression.
“So, where do I rank?”
“Third place.”
Hearing the answer, the explorer looked around with a disappointed expression and whispered something to the magician.
Unfortunately, I couldn't hear it.
“He's asking how many seconds it took Björn Yandell.”
Amelia appeared beside me before I realized it.
Just a moment ago, I saw her listening to Raven's lecture.
She came out after seeing me?
Well, it doesn't really matter.
“Ahem, ahem, right. I understand. Thank you for telling me.”
The explorer, who had been told something in a whisper by the magician, smiled triumphantly as if he'd completely forgotten his disappointment, and moved towards Raven's lecture room.
“Are you curious to hear what the magician said?”
“No, not really.”
“Three minutes and twenty-seven seconds.”
“…Why did you even ask if you were going to tell me anyway?”
I was a bit dumbfounded, but I didn't feel any self-reproach for that record.
I couldn't really be proud of it.
I'd been slowly walking through the corridors and taking my time to analyze if anything had changed, and then I took them down.
‘Well… even if I had done my best, I don't think I would have been faster than them.’
It seemed like they were competing with each other, but as someone who was stuck in the middle, it just felt unfair.
Why are you so proud of being faster than a tank?
It just felt pathetic.
“For your information, I did it in 47 seconds.”
“…Huh?”
“…And I'm in first place too.”
“Ah.”
Is it because of love goggles?
Now that I look at it, it's not pathetic, but a bit cute.
“…Are you leaving already?”
“I've had enough rest.”
As we were about to move on to a new guardian statue after our short break, Amelia tilted her head.
“Not the Doomsday Knight?”
I was standing in front of the statue of the vampire guardian Cambormier.
The reason was simple.
“It's time I see what these unidentified guardians are like.”
“I see.”
Amelia simply nodded without saying anything else.
She knows.
That a vampire wouldn't pose any threat to me.
“Be careful anyway. Alright?”
“I understand. I'll be back.”
I entered the portal, seeing Amelia off.
The feeling of floating continued for a while, and as soon as I realized that the transfer was complete, I ran forward.
I could check the terrain while running.
A brick wall that reminded me of a medieval castle.
Candlesticks lit up along the walls.
Old bloodstains stained the floor.
The place where I opened my eyes was similar to the Devil Worship Room, the last chapter of the Blood Citadel, but it was different.
It wasn't an ‘M’ shape, but just a straight line.
Da-da-da-dat!
I run at full speed, passing through the corridor towards the boss room that I see in front of me.
I'm human, so I couldn't help it.
I don't want to dwell on records.
But I don't want to be someone's consolation prize. So if there was nothing unusual, I was planning on killing the guardian and getting out as quickly as possible this time.
But.
KWA-A-A-NG-!
I had no choice but to withdraw my plan as I saw the vampire rise up from the sound of the door being kicked open.
“Interesting, truly interesting…”
The vampire was looking at me with sleepy eyes.
“…Have we met before?”