## The Original
The vampire man seemed just as embarrassed as I was when I thanked him. It seemed like he was trying to change the subject. 
“Anyway, that's the end of my story. But I only talked about myself. I didn’t get to tell you much about the world back then, did I? You seemed more interested in that, though.”
He was right. I was so caught up in his story that I forgot to ask about the world.
“If you have any questions, feel free to ask. I’ll tell you everything I know.”
Finally, the long-awaited question time! I was fascinated by his story, but what I was most curious about was the worldview of his time.
“Duke, do you know anything about the witch’s identity?”
“I don't know much. I know she's a woman, but… everything else is shrouded in mystery. The pilgrims who follow her believe that one day they will be able to die and go to the Land of Dawn.”
“…Land of Dawn?”
“A land without any worries, pain, or discrimination. Everyone is equal and free. You can go anywhere you want in that land.”
“…”
“That’s what the pilgrims say. Before I heard your story, I thought maybe this place was the Land of Dawn. I thought my prayers had been answered before I died.”
“You did…”
I didn't mention that the 8th floor of the Labyrinth is called the “Land of Dawn.” It might have the same name, but it was definitely a different place.
“Anyway, back to what I was saying… The empire proclaimed that if they didn't destroy the witch, the world would perish. But I didn't believe it.”
“Why not?”
“Because the empire has a similar history. You might not know this, but there were five gods in ancient times. However, two religions were wiped out of existence by the empire for political reasons. I heard there was a lot of bloodshed back then.”
Here’s me, an ancient person talking about ancient history.  
But even the Duke seemed to know little about the five gods, so I moved on to the next question.
“What’s the empire like?”
“That's a hard question to answer.”
“Anything is fine. Just tell me what comes to mind.”
He told me about the ancient empire’s influence, culture, and tendencies. 
A massive country that possessed a third of the continent as its territory, directly and indirectly influencing another third. It seemed like that was all I needed to know…
“Do you know about the Lafdonia Castle or its territory?”
“Lafdonia… You mean the city where you live? Sadly, it’s a name I've never heard before.”
Right, he doesn’t know this. I was a little disappointed, but I tried to hide it and moved on to the next question without hesitation.
“Were there monsters in your time?”
“Of course. Goblins, yetis, ogres… There were many monsters living all over the continent. Of course, they were a bit different from what you've heard.”
“Different…?”
“For one, neither ‘essence’ nor ‘magic stone’ existed. And most of them were intelligent. Goblins and kobolds lived in villages in the forests and mountains, and they sometimes interacted with humans.”
Ogres, on the other hand, were treated as an entire faction…
“What about elves and dwarves? And dragonkin? What was their status on this continent?”
My sudden curiosity led to a question, and the Duke tilted his head as if I had asked something ridiculous. 
“…Elves and dwarves? Those only exist in fairy tales.”
“….What?”
What’s he talking about?
My head went blank for a moment, but the Duke’s expression and voice held no hint of mischief. 
“Duke, what race do you think I am?”
I cautiously asked him, and from his answer, I came to realize one thing.
In ancient times, before the world’s destruction. Monsters existed.
But…
“…Of course you’re human.”
There were no other races.
***
Humans, furries, elves, dwarves, dragonkin, and barbarians. The six races that make up Lafdonia, the last stronghold.
But the Duke is saying…
“There were only humans in those days…?”
Barbarians lived in the harsh northern and southern lands, fighting monsters. 
Dwarves built their own cities underground, and the forests where the elves lived were safe from monsters thanks to the guardian trees.
Furries lived alongside humans from that time onwards.
We don’t know much about dragonkin since there are so few records.
And those other races, all gathered at Lafdonia Castle, the last bastion before the world’s destruction.
The lord needed their strength, so he treated the other races with care and acknowledged their unique territories.
That was the sanctuary. 
‘…It doesn't make sense.’
The sanctuary preserves vestiges of their culture and traditions, even today.
Barbarians still practice collective childcare. If they give birth to a daughter, the mother’s name becomes their surname. If they give birth to a son, the father’s name becomes their surname.
‘Soul Mark’ is said to be a secret art that’s been passed down from ancient times.
But, there were no barbarians in ancient times?
‘Maybe the world over there was completely different from ours?’
That possibility suddenly came to mind. 
Haven’t you seen it in movies and cartoons? Parallel worlds.
Maybe that’s the case here. 
Well, nothing is certain.
“Your size was a little odd, but… Are you not human? According to our classification system?”
I went ahead and explained about the six races, and then the Duke and I discussed what the hell was going on.
Unfortunately, it didn’t get us anywhere.
So, we continued to ask questions, trying to gather as much information about ancient times as possible. 
I wanted to talk for hours, but, as always, everything has an end. 
“….It's been a while since I had such a good time, but I think I should end the conversation now.”
“….?”
“The truth is… my madness is coming back.”
I finally realized that the Duke’s eyes were strange. 
His whites were bloodshot red, and his forehead and neck were flushed.
In that state, the Duke calmly said to me, 
“I’ll end it, now.”
“…”
“While I’m still myself.”
“Hooo….”
I took a deep breath and calmed myself. 
My heart was heavy.  Not because I couldn’t get more information from the conversation, but for another reason.
‘If he had just lost his mind and attacked me, it would have been so much easier…’
But, of course, I had no intention of refusing his request.
I raised my hammer.
“I’m telling you now, I don’t know how to kill someone gracefully.”
“I could tell by looking at you.”
The Duke chuckled and closed his eyes, standing motionless.
But then, he seemed to remember something.
“Oh, there’s one last thing I want to tell you.”
“Tell me.”
“Ever since you told me about meeting me in the Labyrinth, I’ve been having a vague memory. It’s not just your memory.”
His closed eyes opened again. 
“I’m not sure, but… I always lost my mind and fought in that place. Maybe against the adventurers you mentioned…”
His bloodshot eyes were fixed on the empty space, but they were as if he were looking at something invisible.
“This is just my guess… Maybe I was summoned from this place over a long period of time. Every time I had to fight them…”
“That’s… quite a plausible story.”
“What do you think? Will it be helpful?”
I answered without hesitation.
“Very.”
The Duke’s words were information that could bring us one step closer to understanding the guardian statue hidden on the first floor, and the secrets of the rift.
It would be helpful for our journey.
“Right… I see.”
As if he had nothing else to say, the Duke closed his eyes again and mumbled quietly.
“Am I real or fake?”
He seemed to be muttering to himself. 
“Where will I go when my heart stops?”
I didn’t answer. I just thought to myself.
The place he would go after death wouldn’t be the afterlife that the Three Gods’ Religion speaks of, or the Land of Dawn that the pilgrims talk about.
He would come back to life, and he would repeat the same things over and over, forgetting the memories of today for eternity.
But…
“It’s fine. It doesn’t matter where.”
“…”
“As long as I can lessen my sins.”
He spoke in a voice that sounded too calm. 
“Go ahead and end it.”
The moment he finished his statement, I swung the hammer down.
With all my might, making sure the blow was rough, but pain-free. 
Whoooosh-! 
The hammer came down on the heart I had reached after countless [Flesh Explosion] attacks in the past. 
Kwak-!
A sound that felt strangely chilling today, along with a scattering of light particles in the empty stone chamber.
A rainbow-colored essence also appeared. 
It was a sight I had seen countless times as an adventurer, but I had to watch silently.
Whoa-aaaah-!
Until the light particles dancing in the air disappeared.
***
When I went outside through the portal, it was a total mess.  I had gone in to catch a vampire, but I was gone for so long.
“Duke…!”
“Yandell…! What happened inside? No, it doesn’t matter what happened. You’re now excluded from the raid…”
“Any injuries? Any injuries?”
Amelia even went as far as to say I was going to be excluded from the raid, which was a bizarre statement…
But, thankfully, everyone didn’t react as if someone had come back from the dead. The fact that the portal wouldn’t open again confirmed my survival, right?
“3 hours and 21 minutes…”
Ah, of course, even in the midst of such chaos, the record mage was diligently taking notes. 
“Get out of the way, everyone. Let’s stop with the worry. It wasn’t dangerous at all.”
“Then why did you come out so late?”
Raven, the one who’d given me the guardian lecture, came up to me and asked me in a sharp voice.  I was going to tell her anyway, so no need to beg!
“The guardian I met inside was intelligent. That’s why I spent a long time talking to him and learning from him.”
“….The guardian was intelligent?”
“Yeah. He eventually went crazy in the end, but anyway, that’s how it is.”
I didn’t give them the details, but I honestly revealed everything about my conversation with the vampire duke. I couldn’t experiment if I kept it secret.
“In that case, I have a request for those going in next…”
I told them to try to have a conversation with the guardians, if possible.
But…
“Yandell, nothing like that happened to me.”
“…Me either. It said it wanted to kill me as soon as I entered.”
“I, I didn’t even get to talk to it…!”
Amelia, Erwin, Misha. Not only the three of them, but none of the other people who entered experienced what I did.
So, the questions only grew. 
‘What was different?’
Why was the Duke of Cambormier the only one who stayed sane in front of me?
And why did all the other guardians act the same?
Like he said at the end.
[Maybe I was summoned from this place over a long period of time.]
If these are the originals, and the space we found on the first floor acts as a kind of storage facility, then why didn’t the other guardians experience similar phenomena?
I didn’t know.
The more I thought about it, the more questions I had.
So, for now, I decided to collect more data.
“Yandell, are you going to catch that thing now?”
“Ah, there’s something I need to check.”
“….You can do that later.”
Amelia expressed concern about my plan to clear the unidentified troll statues first, before going after whoever the guardian of the rift was, but I wasn’t going to change my mind.
“Don’t worry. It’s only a 5-rank monster. Nothing dangerous will happen.”
With those words, I touched the troll statue.
I felt strangely awkward. 
‘The guardian troll…’.
I would have normally been curious to see if I could get the rainbow troll essence, but now I was curious about something else. 
What was his story?
What would happen to him if he reached the Gate of the Abyss?
Would he find peace then?
“…”
I found myself thinking about it endlessly.
]]]