## The Original Ice Cave
The space I entered through the portal that opened beside the troll statue. It didn't take long to recognize where I was. 
The chilling air that pierced through my boot soles, the icy walls reflecting a white light like clear glass – it was the Ice Cave. The place where I met the Bearman, the place where I witnessed the murder of the player, Jensia, hailing from Noahrc. However, there was no sense of déjà vu or nostalgia, as I had already felt all those emotions earlier while pursuing the Tyrant Tarunbas.
"Alright, so this is the level one rift…" I murmured, my mind racing. I had gained more samples for my research. Just like how the Duke of Cambormier, the hidden boss, had a chance of appearing in the Bloodstained Citadel, some rifts might have hidden bosses. The Guardian Troll I was about to face was likely one of those cases.
"Let's see what this one looks like first."  I stopped, finishing my mental preparation at the entrance, and walked through the passage. The narrow path soon widened, revealing a colossal cavern.
The troll was nowhere in sight.  
"As expected… The boss chamber seems a little different here." 
I swiftly scanned the surrounding area, visually exploring the terrain. Just as the Bloodstained Citadel, where Cambormier appeared, had a coffin instead of a Death Knight, this place was also different. The Ice Ogres, bound in pillars of ice, were absent. The same was true for Tyrant Tarunbas, but…
"What happened here?"
The frozen cavern was littered with corpses. Human bodies, mangled and mutilated beyond recognition, were piled high like mountains. Identifying them as 'Imperial soldiers' was easy, thanks to the insignia engraved on their faded, bloodstained banners.  The same insignia I had seen in the Doppelganger Forest and the cave where I had fought Dreadpier, the Centurion.
"Everywhere you go, you'll find the Imperial Army."
They were like the British Empire, if you were to compare them to Earth.  Besides the Imperial soldiers, there were also monster corpses scattered throughout the cavern: Ice Ogres, Frost Wolves, Yetis, and even creatures completely unrelated to the Ice Cave.
"Isn't that Tarunbas...?"
I found the corpse of Tyrant Tarunbas, the original guardian of the Ice Cave. However, his signature club was nowhere to be seen.
"Gawk… gawk…."
What was that? What noise was that? I turned my head, looking around for the source of the strange sound that suddenly erupted in the silence.
"Gawk… gawk…"
A particularly large mountain of corpses in the center of the cavern swayed. Focusing my hearing, I heard another sound.
"Gulp—."
This time, it sounded like something was being swallowed.
As I approached the source of the sound, curiosity brewing, it happened. 
[GAAAAAH-!]
Something hidden beneath the pile of corpses let out a horrifying scream and rose.
***
It was over five meters tall, with monstrous fangs protruding from its mouth.  Other than its size being significantly larger than a regular troll, it possessed all the typical troll characteristics.
"Well, its skin is black, but…" 
I, a K-Barbarian, was raised in a world where even the slightest comment about skin color could label you a racist.  So, I focused on other things.
"It's holding a club, too." 
The creature, munching on a human arm as if it were a snack, was holding a club in its other hand. It was the same club Tarunbas wielded. It even had an official name:
No. 9712 'Snowfield Club'.
Befitting an item with a number so far down the list, it was a blunt weapon with only a simple effect: it inflicted blunt damage and also added cold damage to each hit.
"KOOONG—!"
After swallowing its 'snack' in one bite, the creature took a threatening step towards me. But I remained calm and tried to communicate.
"I am Bjorn, son of Yandel."
"KOOONG—!"
I spoke, showing no intention of attacking, and the creature stopped. It tilted its head, looking down at me.
[G-U-P……?]
Was I going to be able to communicate with this one? I wouldn't have to wait long to find out. 
[GAAAAAH-!]
The troll charged forward, letting out a ferocious roar after I simply told it my name. My hopes were dashed, and with them, my disappointment grew.
"Ugh…"
Couldn't I communicate with this one either?  I guess I shouldn't be surprised, considering it was eating human limbs.  But I wouldn't give up yet. 
"HOOONG—!"
I dodged the club with a swift movement and tried to talk again, this time using the ancient tongue, hoping for a miracle.
[Calm down. I don't want to fight you.]
[……]
[My name is Bjorn, son of Yandel—]
[GAAAAAH-!]
Damn it.  Not this again?  There weren't many options left…
"GAAAAAH-!"
I tried to speak to it in its language, but no communication was possible.  I resorted to my final tactic.  It wasn't going to listen to Raphdonian, ancient tongue, or even its own language, so there was nothing left but to try a more physical form of communication.
"PWOOK—!"
I hit the creature's jaw with my hammer.  Those with anger management issues were commonplace even in the modern world.  And just like them, I hoped this demonstration of power would bring it back to its senses. But...
"Guess it wasn't a plaintiff after all." 
I had deliberately refrained from using [Swing] because I was worried about killing it in one shot.  But the creature only became more enraged and charged at me. It was acting like any other monster, attacking with unwavering aggression until its life force was extinguished.
"Okay, time to drop this conversation." 
I decided to focus on secondary objectives since my primary goal was deemed impossible.  I wanted to gather information about this creature…
"HOOONG—!"
The creature's club whistled through the air.  There were no special effects, no flashes of light, no bolts of lightning. But I could tell immediately.
"…[Swing]?"
This troll was using [Swing].  I was caught off guard, but my mind quickly calculated the reason behind this phenomenon.
"An advanced mutation…"
The trolls of the Ice Cave are mutated higher-class creatures. They exploit the essence of other beings.  Just as Vampire Cambormier used [Share Pain] from the Nightflyer, this one could use an Ogre's skill.
Of course, that wasn't the important part.
"……Wow, it really was a thing." 
It was a curiosity I had harbored for a long time. What would an Ogre with the strength of a troll and the regenerative abilities of a troll be like?  Now, I had my answer. 
But…
"It's nothing special." 
If an Ogre had a troll's essence, maybe. But the other way around, the troll, was far less interesting than I imagined.  Or maybe I've simply become too strong?  If I had encountered this creature in the first rift instead of Cambormier, Bjorn Yandel's journey would have ended that day.
"Alright, let's see what else it can do."
I steadily attacked the creature, studying every aspect of its fighting style.  I needed to gather as much information as possible to make it easier for others who would challenge it in the future.  Of course, the battle ended quickly.  
About thirty minutes?  The only thing I need to be wary of is the cooldown of its skills, which resets when the cave becomes darker.
「You have defeated the Corrupted Beast, Kirdu.」
「Bonus for defeating an advanced mutation. EXP +1」
「Bonus for defeating a Guardian. EXP +3」
As I crushed the troll's skull with my hammer, a portal opened.  As usual, I didn't even glance at the rainbow essence and stepped out.
***
After defeating the troll, I took down all the other level 5 guardians, but there were no other gains.  Cambormier was the only one who could talk.
"Something… there's definitely a reason behind all of this..."
No matter how much I pondered, I couldn't even come up with a plausible hypothesis.  Why could I communicate with that guy, but not with any of the other unseen guardians?  Just luck? 
Whatever the reason, I decided to stop searching for secrets and continue with my progression.  I cleared the level 3 rift, the White Shrine.
[……]
Strangely, the Doom Knight that appeared in the White Shrine didn't even utter a single line of its in-game dialogue. It just attacked me.  
The same thing happened in the level 4 rift, which I entered with borrowed equipment to make the challenge easier. 
[You, hee… do… you… come… to kill… me······?]
The Doppelganger, which would have normally used that line, started the boss fight in silence.  The boss fight itself had a different setup than the original.  The interior and exterior needed to be cleared simultaneously. The mechanic where the Doppelganger became a teammate made me wonder how it would work in solo play.
"They expect us to clear this...?"
The Doppelganger transformed into me and fought.  It even used [Self-Replication] to gain numerical advantage.  But it wasn't a desperate situation.  Doppelgangers couldn't replicate numbered items.
Aegis Barrier.
Crowl's Devil Crusher.
I had those two core items, as well as 'Wild Outlaw,' the counter item for human-type monsters, and countless other items borrowed from outside.  Using them to the fullest, I finally defeated the Doppelganger.
It took about seven hours.
「You have defeated the Doppelganger.」
「Bonus for defeating a Guardian. EXP +3」
The seal that originally had to be broken somehow was already broken.  I had seen their [Crystallization] pattern a total of thirteen times.  I was able to pull off this tactic because, no matter how many of them there were, they couldn't inflict any damage on me with my full set.
"Ugh… I really thought I was going to die."
I shared the entire encounter with everyone as I exited the rift.  They were all stunned when I told them I had fought for seven hours.  My intense battle impressed them, and thankfully, no one else was foolhardy enough to try.  They could only gawk in awe.
"The Doppelganger essence… It's tempting, but I'll have to give it up."
"It's not a beast that a single person can handle."
"It's unbelievable that the Baron was able to handle a level 4 or higher rift guardian alone."
"But... the Baron doesn't seem to have eaten the essence this time either?"
The last question echoed the same thought I had.  Doppelganger essence is very valuable. It's quite useful for any class.  But...
"I don't have enough slots."
How much stronger would I be if I had another me?  It's not like my numbered items are duplicated when I use [Clone].  And besides,  [Self-Replication] needs essences like [Dual Rule] to be truly effective, so I decided to let it go.
"I've got to keep at least one slot open, you never know what I'll encounter."
After the fierce battle with the Doppelgangers, I just lazed around and took a day off. The expedition force was in a strange state.
"Oh! You're back! I'm so relieved!"
"God, please! Can you take a look at my injuries?"
The adventurers who chose to challenge the rifts were brimming with enthusiasm,  night and day.  The knights, priests, and mages were all taking a step back and waiting for their turn, spending their time doing their own thing.  They didn't need the experience or essence.  The mages, driven by academic passion, were the only ones who seemed genuinely interested in the situation.
"The Baron will probably challenge the Golden Ruins tomorrow, won't he?"
"Yes, I believe he will."
"I wonder… What will the Golden Ruins be like? And what lies beyond that sealed door?"
The mages were simply waiting for my next move, paying no attention to the statues whose challenges had been cleared.
The next day, after taking a well-deserved break.
「You have defeated the Golden Fang Calpion. EXP +6.」
「Bonus for defeating a Guardian. EXP +3」
I challenged the Golden Ruins, the level 4 rift, as planned after finishing breakfast.  I cleared it in about three hours.  It wasn't as intense as the Doppelganger fight.  It was simply a tank's destiny.
"Ugh… I really want an attack skill."
[Swing] and Devil Crusher.  I had those two, but it took a long time to wear down Calpion's armor, one layer at a time.  I couldn't even do a damage boost with 'Wild Outlaw' since it wasn't a human-type monster.
"…Even if it was a tank, though, I still beat it."
It's a common occurrence in RPGs.  A well-developed tank can take down bosses that other classes couldn't, as long as the matchup is right.  Of course, that's assuming there's no time limit.
"So, if I exclude the unseen guardians, level 5 is all that's left..."
As my gaze turned towards the level 5 guardians, everyone was watching me.  Most had curious expressions, but some, like the members of Anabada, had a slight hint of nervousness in their eyes.
"I believe… the portals for the level 5 rifts open up two at a time?"
"Indeed. I wonder whom the Baron will choose to enter the rift with."
I looked around.
"…"
Amelia's expression was impassive, while Erwen had an expectant look on her face.  "Does she think this is a picnic?"
Misha looked tense, and Ainar avoided my gaze when our eyes met.  She seemed even more unenthusiastic than usual today.  Well, I already had someone in mind anyway.
"Thump, thump."
I walked past everyone and stopped in front of one person.
"Arrua Raven."
"……Yes?"
She had no idea she'd been chosen.  I didn't need to elaborate.
"I need you."
Level 5 guardian essence, after all.  It's only natural to preserve it in a vial.
]]]