##  Boss Run (4)
As soon as we crossed the portal, Sven Parav asked, “Why… why me?”
It was an odd question, not in its content but in its timing. “You're asking that after we’ve already entered?”
“... I thought it might be an awkward question to ask in front of everyone.” 
Ah, so that was the real reason. This guy is more thoughtful than he looks. He seems quite loyal too.
“Anyway, why me? If you needed a paladin, there were others……”
I answered his repeated question honestly. “It’s not because you’re a paladin.”
“... Yes?”
“I chose you because it’s you.”
Sven Parav’s eyes widened. I’d expected it. This wasn’t just some random line. It’s a tried and true line, guaranteed to move people every time. 
He took a step back, his face pale as if trying to put some distance between us. “Why are you doing this?”
He flinched, his arms protectively crossed, as I moved a step closer. Meeting his wary gaze, I couldn’t help but let out a dry chuckle. I could see exactly what this idiot was thinking. It had happened recently, hadn’t it?
“Don’t get the wrong idea. Before I crack your head open.”
“Then… the rumors aren’t true?”
“Rumors?”
“That… the Baron enjoys some… intimate pleasures with—.”
“Stop.”
I cut him off, unable to listen any further. Then I repeated what I’d said to clear up those rumors just a few days ago. “I like women. Very much.”
“... I, I see?”
His eyes, while still wary, seemed a bit less on edge. Maybe the doubt was gone, but another question was still lingering. “Then what did you mean by what you said earlier…?”
It wasn’t because he was a paladin. It was because he was Sven Parav. The meaning of those words was simple. I meant it literally. The guardian needed him, not just any paladin. And…
‘This is going exactly as planned.’
I already considered the plan half-successful. This guy had entered the portal without hesitation. 
“Did you feel any unease, or any other emotions, when you entered this place?” 
I asked, just to be sure. He said he hadn’t. Then, with a look of sudden realization, he opened his mouth. “Ah, was it because…?”
I just shrugged and didn’t reply. That settled that. 
From then on, we discussed the boss strategy. He was a gamer after all, even if it was in cheat mode, so he had a good grasp of the boss fight overall. He was quick to understand even the parts he didn’t know.
“H-how did you know all that, Baron?”
He looked at me with suspicion, but I found it easy enough to give a believable answer. Was I some kind of barbarian? “When you become a titled noble, you can easily access information that commoners can’t.”
“Other nobles seem to be clueless about it……”
“They’re not explorers, are they? Those guys don’t care about the labyrinth unless it brings money.”
“Ah… I guess that’s true.”
Sven Parav nodded and accepted my explanation. 
We were done with the professional talk. I thought about getting on with the strategy, but instead decided to continue our conversation a bit longer. We hadn’t really had a chance to talk one-on-one. I started with a light topic.
“Sven Parav, how is life in the temple?”
“It’s not bad, really. I do get treated like an outsider after I filed for secularization, but… sometimes it’s more convenient that way.”
Secularization is a ritual performed when a religious person leaves the temple life and becomes a regular citizen. After the ceremony, the former religious person is obligated to follow the temple’s commands.
“What exactly happens during secularization?”
As someone unfamiliar with religion, I was curious. It’s not like you have to cut off your pinky finger to leave, is it? And the Three Divine Church wouldn’t just let go of a paladin they’ve invested so much in without a price. 
“Nothing special. You simply renounce the blessings bestowed upon you by the goddess, and relinquish everything you received from the temple. Then you’re done.”
“Everything you received from the temple…?”
“Haha, it means you’re completely broke. Everything I have was earned while I was under the temple’s wing. Oh, I’ll have to start paying taxes next year too.”
In other words, you have to relinquish all your possessions. In a way, cutting off a finger is more humane.
“Still, I’m not too afraid. Mr. Goul랜드 said he’d support me fully. No, wait a second! Don’t tell me the Baron had no idea?”
Sven Parav stopped mid-sentence, realizing something was wrong. 
I chuckled and patted his shoulder. “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of you until the end.”
“Whew… I was scared.”
“You seem pretty calm about it, though. Don’t you feel like you’ll be unable to grow further after secularization?”
Paladins are different from ordinary explorers. They can’t consume mana cores, like priests or mages. But they gain new powers as they accumulate ‘merit’.
Oh, by the way, there are various ways to earn merit. By defeating monsters in the labyrinth, offering donations, completing church assignments, and so on.  You earn merit and then the Pope regularly comes to pray over you. Then, when you wake up the next day, you’ve learned a new skill. That’s why the Pope is so powerful.
“Well… I can’t help it, can I? I would surely die if I stayed there. Plus, it’s not uncommon for the goddess to bestow new powers directly after secularization, so I’m hoping for that.”
“Guess you’ll have to kill more monsters.”
“I’m sure I’ll end up killing a lot of them naturally, living with the Baron……”
He always seemed like a lighthearted guy, but now that we were talking, I realized he was actually a hard worker. 
Maybe that’s why… I was curious about this too. ‘Does he want to go back if he could?’
He’d joined the Round Table when Aurin Gavice offered the escape ticket, but quit and left soon after.  He’d even expressed anger after the Ice Rock expedition, saying he’d join us for revenge. 
‘But… how do I ask him that?’
After some thought, I carefully phrased my question. “Sven Parav, I have something I want to ask.”
“Please, Baron.”
“Do you… do you have anyone you’re seeing?”
“Yes?”
He was surprised, as if he’d heard a question he shouldn’t have. But for me, this was a serious question. His answer would reveal his perspective on this world.
“I mean, do you have a woman you’re currently in a relationship with?”
“I, I…  don’t, but……”
“Hmm, I see……”
Guess I’ll have to figure it out another way. I was about to ask another question when…
“B-but!”
He spoke quickly. “T-there’s someone… someone I like……”
“……?”
“No, I do have a woman I like!”
I don’t know why, but he had already moved several steps away from me. 
***
Who was the woman who had captured Sven Parav’s heart?
I persistently asked, but he just hung his head like a lovesick fool, refusing to answer. You wouldn’t behave like that unless you were truly in love with the woman.
“I really don’t like Mr. Goul랜드. He’s more like a… teacher to me……”
“So, you like pure and innocent women?”
“N-no, that’s not what I—!”
“I know, I’m just teasing.”
This guy is fun to tease too. I patted his shoulder and rose. 
We felt closer after that private conversation. I felt like I knew him better now.
“Well, we’ve talked enough. Let’s go.”
“Yes.”
I led him away from the starting point down the corridor.
The boss room door creaked open as we approached, without me having to do anything. 
As soon as we stepped inside, the door slammed shut with a loud bang.
The room was dark, but I’d already activated the Barbarian Candle mode, so we could see.  We were at a crossroads, with three paths leading to the left, right, and front.  The Rift Guardian was nowhere to be seen. 
Of course. The guardian we’re going to fight is a different type, unlike any other. 
I walked, step by step, through the labyrinth. This entire labyrinth is our boss mob from now on.  And this is the first phase. 
「The Soul Keeper, Howsiel, has cast [Defense Barrier]」
As we began to move, magic projectiles burst out from the seamless walls, targeting us.
And…
Bang! Bang!
It wouldn’t hurt me, but it was enough damage to kill fragile mages. 
That was another reason I brought Sven Parav.  He’s a paladin, so he can be a sub-tank and also self-heal.
“Are you okay?”
“A-ah, yes. I was just a little surprised. I’m fine.”
He seems okay, I guess.  I wouldn’t have brought him if he would’ve been hurt by that.
“Let’s keep moving then.”
We continued through the labyrinth, dodging magic projectiles and monsters that jumped out of frames, until we reached the destination.
A square chamber. 
And in the center, a watermelon-sized mana core.  Once we smash that, phase 1 is over.
Just like this.
Crack!
I smashed the mana core with my hammer, and a bizarre howling, like a banshee’s wail, reverberated through the space. The entire world turned black.
When I opened my eyes, I was in a different place.
The corridor of a lavishly decorated mansion.  But the corridor repeated itself endlessly, as if I were in a dream, with an infinite number of identical hallways stretching in front of me.
“You said we need to search the rooms together and find the second mana core, right?”
“To be precise, it’s ‘you’ who will be searching.”
“Ah… yes……”
We moved together, searching each room one by one.  To call it searching felt awkward, though. 
Anyway…
“It… doesn’t feel dangerous at all.”
After opening the closed door, Parav opened the box that was sitting in the middle.
And…
Bang!
We’ll leave the rest to fate.
There were traps that triggered and released poison, monsters that jumped out and forced us to waste time in battle, and annoying curses.
“I… think it’s best not to open this one.”
If he felt the slightest bit strange, I simply marked it and moved on.  We could open them one by one later, if we couldn’t find the mana core. 
‘This is definitely taking longer because he’s searching alone.’
We could cut down on time by splitting up, but that was impossible. 
「The Soul Keeper, Howsiel’s, [Defense Barrier] becomes more fortified.」
No matter how strong this boss gets based on the time it takes to clear, it’s still…
‘… impossible to open it if we might all die.’
These boxes are filled with impossibly unfair traps. Literally one in ten thousand, no, one in a hundred thousand times you open a box, an event triggers…
‘I won’t even touch it.’
Luck. Or rather, chance, is just a numbers game in the face of misfortune. At least, I know that better than anyone.
‘Well, on the other hand, sometimes a positive event happens.’
Both the positive and negative events occur only once, with nearly equal probability.  That’s why, when I played, I felt like the developer had deliberately included that garbage. 
To prevent you from simply opening every box, forcing you to rely solely on luck. 
‘Anyway, you shouldn’t expect much from the Golden Chest—.’
“B-Baron……?”
I turned my head at Parav’s flustered voice, and froze. 
“……What?”
The chest was open, like a dead mimic.
A radiant light burst out of the chest. 