## Chapter 594: RPG (2)
The clang of metal against metal.  Agonized screams and furious shouts.  And then…
*Pshhhoooosh*!
A geyser of blood obscuring my entire vision.
“Ack, my eyes!”
I hurriedly wiped the blood from my eyes, regaining my sight.  At the same time, I quickly scanned my surroundings.  There wasn't a moment to spare for closing my eyes and collecting my thoughts, not like during the coming-of-age ceremony.  This was the heart of a battlefield.
“AAAAAH—!”
“Mi, push! Push them back! If they break through, we're all dead!!”
A torrent of monsters, and hundreds of humans desperately fighting to hold them back.
‘What in the…?’
I swiftly processed the information.  I had just entered a space that seemed to be a rift in the first basement level, and when I opened my eyes, this was where I was.
The Chief, the Archbishop, Gahyun, Erwin… 
The companions I should have entered with were nowhere to be seen, only the sight of humans dying in real-time all around me.
I needed more information.  Just as I was committing everything in sight to memory, I heard a voice.
“Bjorn Jandel…!  Snap out of it!  Are you going to die here?!”
The man whose eyes met mine pulled out a sword stuck in a monster's neck and yelled at me.
The fact that we could communicate…  That was surprising enough, but what truly startled me was something else.
“Bjorn… Jandel…?”
He knew my name.  What the heck?  He doesn’t seem like an enemy at all.  Could he be a friendly NPC?  But this type of rift never existed before!
“Damn it, did he just forget his own name?!”
The man frowned and pushed through the throng of monsters, approaching me.  Then…
“Snap out of it!  If you don’t want to die here!”
He yelled, blocking my way and fighting the monsters.  His actions cleared my head.
‘He must be a friendly NPC.’
These humans are not our enemies.  Once I reached that conclusion, I realized what I needed to do immediately.
“What are you doing with that big body!  Swing your hammer…!!  Kill those monsters and save your comrades!”
First, I'll crush these monsters.  Then, I'll figure out what's going on.  What I need to do, how to move forward.
“Behe….”
Ah, maybe it's best to hold back on this, just in case?
“AAAAAAHHHH—!!”
Instead of a barbarian battle cry, I screamed at the top of my lungs and charged forward.  The monsters weren't particularly high level, so I intentionally didn't use [Gigantification].  However...
*Crack*!
Still, a single swing of my hammer crushed a troll completely.
“What in the…!”
The man who was facing the troll to protect me had wide eyes.
“You… were hiding your strength?”
He was deeply shocked, and to be honest, I felt the same way.
‘…Did I really crush it in one hit?’
Feeling a strange sense of unease, I swung my hammer at the troll again.
*Crack*!
The troll burst like a popped jelly, again in a single hit.  Honestly, I'm quite bewildered.
‘What is this…?’
Why am I so strong?
‘Or, are these guys weak?’
Trolls don’t die this easily.  Even if you smash their heads, they have monster-like bodies that regenerate with [Super Regeneration].  Of course, if you unleash overwhelming damage, you can bypass their regeneration pattern and kill them instantly, but…
‘That would be impossible with my stats.’
Then, what happened?
As I swung my hammer against the surging monster horde, the answer to my question became clear.
It wasn't that the trolls were weak. They still possessed the strength to throw a hulking man with one hand, and their [Super Regeneration] worked perfectly fine if their heads were injured.
*Crack*!
The only difference was… I had become ridiculously strong.
*Crack*! *Crack*! *Crack*!
The monsters were wiped out like falling leaves with every swing of my hammer.  But this power didn't come for free.
“…Blood.”
Blood was flowing from my barbarian warrior's body, despite being covered in all sorts of protective measures.
Of course, even as a human, I can bleed.  Even the injury I sustained now was only a slight prick, and barely a trickle of blood was coming out.
‘…Is it just a scratch from a troll that made me bleed like this?’
Something major is wrong with my body.
***
「The role assigned to the character is ‘Mercenary’.」
「All attack stats are increased by 3 times, but all defense stats are reduced by 70%.」
「The regeneration rate increases proportionally to the lost HP.」
***
I’m screwed.  Not just screwed, I’m totally screwed.
That was the first thought that popped into my mind the moment I saw the abnormality in my body.
*Crack*!
My damage output had greatly increased.
[*KAAAAAK-!* ]
But my body’s durability had drastically decreased.  I don't know the exact numbers, but...
The second stage of [Evolved Skin], which activates at 350 Physical Resistance, doesn't trigger.
「The character’s Physical Resistance stat is 70 or higher.」
「The character has 50% resistance against sword-type weapons.」
It wasn't just Physical Resistance.
Even using [Greedy Scales], the Barbarian Dragon mode doesn't activate.  Simply put, my resilience has plummeted.
‘Damn it…!’
All the skills that use my durability as a factor have become half-baked.
Well, at least it's not all bad.
*Thud, thud.*
My warrior's body, which used to be incredibly slow compared to my companions, is now much lighter and faster.  Furthermore…
「The character has cast [Swing] 」
「The character’s Strength stat is 1,200 or higher.」
「Deals double damage to enemies with over 90% HP.」
An immense gust of wind blows every time I use [Swing].  It seems like the effect is unlocked…
‘I’ll worry about that later.’
After the initial check of my body’s changes, I focused on the battle against the monsters.  Sure, I can wipe out the monsters easily with this boost, but…
‘I have no idea what’s going to happen, so I’ll try to keep as many alive as possible.’
If I fight more aggressively, my NPC companions have a better chance of surviving.  I swing my hammer with overwhelming power, fueled by my newly acquired strength.
*Crack*! *Crack*! *Crack*!
The satisfying impact that I couldn't feel while raising a shield barbarian vibrates through my fingertips.
‘…Maybe I’m not screwed after all.’
I'm not a complete wreck like I thought I would be.  Sure, I have to be more conscious of attacks I would normally ignore, which is a bit stressful, but…
‘This… is both inconvenient and convenient.’
As I fought actively, I gradually got used to my altered body.  Then...
“K, we did it…!”
“We’re alive, we’re alive!”
“WAAAAAAA-!”
When I came to my senses, all the monsters were dead, and the surrounding humans were cheering in victory.
‘Hmph, now what?’
I guess I had to kill them all, but I have no idea what happens next.  So I stayed away from the humans and scanned my surroundings.
“Jandel…!  Jandel! Are you alright?”
A man ran towards me, stepping over the corpses of monsters.  The same man who was worried about me and tried to protect me when I first opened my eyes.
“…I’m not seriously injured.”
“Good, good!  That’s a relief!”
The kind-looking man checked my body and seemed to have lost ten years of his life in a single moment.  But then, did he have a late realization?
“But that power you just displayed… what was that?  You’re so big, I thought you’d be strong, but I never imagined you’d be this strong!”
“Um…?”
What am I supposed to say?  Should I just act normally?
As I was pondering that, the man lowered his head with a realization dawning on him.
“Ah, my apologies. Someone like you must have a story behind taking on a mercenary job.”
“I… appreciate that.”
“Let’s go.  I’d rather rest right now, but if we want to avoid getting on the Empire's bad side, we should help with the cleanup.”
It was a brief conversation, but two pieces of information were added.
‘Mercenary… and the Empire…?’
What kind of rift is this?  I had no idea, so I silently followed the man.  We were in the middle of a city turned into ruins.
“Priest!  Priest, over here!”
Bodies of humans and monsters littered the streets.  Soldiers carried the wounded, and others ran around the streets, shouting for lost comrades.
“That guy…!”
“He was amazing.”
“Even the knights weren’t that good… .”
Despite the chaos, I drew attention just by walking.  I guess that’s natural, considering how I went wild.  I still don’t know what the consequences of my decision to save as many as I could will be.
“What are you doing?  Hurry up and pick something up!  The carriages won’t be able to move unless we clear the debris!  Ah, with your kind of strength, you probably don’t need to worry about the Empire, do you?”
“No, that’s fine. I’ll do it together… .”
“You’re a thoughtful young man.  You’ll go far.”
I didn't even know the man's name, but I followed his instructions and helped with the cleanup.  In the process, I learned a few things.
1. We’re both mercenaries hired by the Empire.
2. We both met for the first time today, and exchanged names before the battle started.
3. Luckily, this guy talks a lot.
In other words, gathering information is much easier.
“Hoo…  I haven’t been a mercenary for long, but this is the first time I’ve seen something this bizarre.  For monsters to attack a city in such a swarm…  What will become of the world.”
“Hey, do you know what year it is?”
“Hmm?  Let me see… Last year was the Year of the Moon, so this year is the Year of the Sun.”
Unfortunately, this guy was just talkative, not knowledgeable.
“Do you know more specifics?  Like, what year it is according to the Year of the Sun.”
“…What mercenary memorizes that?  We’re not nobles studying history.”
Unlike the vampire guy, this mercenary didn’t even know what year it was.
“Then what about the Emperor’s name? Do you know it?”
“…Shh!  Be, be quiet!  Do you want to die?”
“No, so do you know it?”
“How would someone like me know that…!”
Right, he doesn’t know.  Even if I asked the soldiers on the street, I’d probably get a similar response.  So I’ll just focus on other aspects.  It would be weird to just start grilling him.
I silently continued with the cleanup work, and eventually brought up the subject naturally.
“Do you know how the Witch War is going?”
I casually threw the question at him, and the man tilted his head.
“Witch?  What are you talking about?  Are some female mages having a war somewhere?”
“No, I heard something about that. Forget it if you don’t know.”
It seems like we’re in a period before the Witches appeared.  Otherwise, he wouldn’t have mistaken a Witch for a female mage.
As I was working on the cleanup and gathering information, someone shouted.
“Everyone, stop what you’re doing!”
A knight with the Imperial emblem emblazoned on his chest drew the attention of the mercenaries who were cleaning up.
“Isn’t that the guy from this morning?”
“Don’t you know?  He died.”
“Ah, so this is a new commander…  Oops, keep it down.  We don’t want to get caught in the crossfire.”
Hundreds of mercenaries, their mouths shut tight and their eyes glued to the knight, fearing the might of the Empire.  The knight continued his speech.
And then…
“We’re looking for a mercenary named Bjorn Jandel!  I heard he single-handedly defeated hundreds of monsters!  Has anyone seen him?”
What the hell, why are they looking for me?
I instinctively took a step back, but there was no time to run.  The moment he said that, everyone’s gaze turned towards me.
“Ah, it’s you.  Can I talk to you for a moment?”
“…Sure.”
A sudden request for an interview made me a bit uneasy, but thinking about it, I couldn’t really avoid it.  He’s a knight, so he must know a lot more than mercenaries.  I planned on gathering more information through conversation.  But…
“You’re a mercenary, right?  I’ll cut to the chase.  I have a job for you.”
My plan to obtain information through casual conversation was thwarted.
“I need you to escort a young girl.  Make sure she reaches her destination.”
The moment the knight uttered those words, the world turned black.
‘Why the hell did you even ask then?’
You didn’t even give me a chance to say yes.
***
*Drip, drip, drop…*
The sound of water droplets echoing in a dark cave.  The moment I opened my eyes, I felt a presence next to me.  Or, to be precise, it was more like a killing intent.
*Whoosh*!
Something swung through the darkness.  The expected impact point was near my thigh.  Even in this darkness, my barbarian body instinctively caught whatever was swinging.
*Thud*!
A delicate wrist caught in my thick hand.
“Ugh…!”
She groaned, as if her wrist hurt.  It was a very young voice, clearly that of a girl.
‘He gave me an escort mission, and then the location changed…  So she must be the escort target.’
I quickly made my judgment and instead of counterattacking, I spoke as gently as possible.
“Calm down.  I won’t hurt you.”
The wrist I was holding twitched.  Then, after a long pause, a voice came out.
“…Ehk?”
…Is her arm hurting?
I completely relaxed my grip and let go of her arm.  A youthful voice echoed through the darkness.
“I… ah, are you the, are you the older one?”
A voice so young, she must be at least a few years away from puberty.  But her voice and manner of speaking felt incredibly familiar.
“Erwin…?”
“Yes, yes!  It’s me!”
“I don’t know what happened, but I’m glad you’ve joined us.  It's dark, so let’s check our surrou—.”
“Wait a minute. I’ll do it… .  But…  older one, don’t be surprised, okay?”
“Surprised?  Why…?”
“It’s…  because…  there’s…  something… . ”
Simultaneously with those words, a small flame flickered in the darkness.
*Whoosh*!
It was too small to illuminate the surroundings.
I lowered my chin and looked down, and froze like a stone.
Under the reddish light, Erwin looked up at me.
A small child, looking about eight years old.
“W, what is…  that?”
“…I, I don’t know either!  I, I opened my eyes, and I looked like this… .”
This is quite fascinating.  She had this face when she was little.  But her nose bridge has been incredibly high since she was—.
“Older one…  !!”
Did I stare too long?  Erwin.  Or, to be more accurate, Erwin who’s been reverted to her baby form.  Hm, this is too long, so let's shorten it—.
“…D, don't stare at me!”
Baby Erwin covered her face with her tiny hands.
***
「Field Effect - Role is Assigned.」
「Erwin Fornach di Tercia’s assigned role is ‘Girl’.」
「All stats are fixed at 10%.」
「All healing and regeneration effects are reduced by 90%.」
「Is not attacked by monsters.」
]]]