## Chapter 595: RPG (3)
Most rifts are divided into chapters.
Chapter 1, Chapter 2, Chapter 3, Chapter 4...
They usually end around Chapter 4 or 5, but some rifts extend to Chapter 7 or even beyond. 
However, that's not the point.
“The city defense was Chapter 1, wasn't it?”
Awakening as the mercenary Bjorn Jandel and battling the fiends was also Chapter 1, from my perspective. 
But the crucial point here is…
“Could this be similar to the Doppelganger Forest?”
The Doppelganger Forest was a rift on the 4th floor. We were immediately trapped behind iron bars upon entry, and it wasn't until two other teams arrived that we could break free and begin Chapter 1.
Three teams progressed through Chapter 1 from their designated starting points, then converged in Chapter 2. 
The labyrinth we entered now seems to follow the exact same format.
“I started in what felt like a rural village, under siege.”
Erwen’s Chapter 1 experience was completely different from mine. It started with a battlefield like mine, but it wasn’t a chapter where I could single-handedly mow down enemies and achieve victory. 
“My power was reduced to a tenth, perhaps even less.”
Plagued with a debilitating debuff from the very start, Erwen barely managed to escape the village with help from the nearby NPCs. 
Then…
“I started climbing the mountain behind the village, and monsters kept appearing. The soldiers following me attacked, but I couldn’t fight back.” 
Thankfully, it seems Erwen wasn’t burdened with an indiscriminate debuff.
“Eventually, I reached this cave while being pursued. I hid inside, but… I was found by a knight soon after.”
“Wait a minute, did this knight or any of the soldiers have a symbol like this on their chest?” 
Before she could continue, I drew a symbol of the Empire, and Erwen nodded.
“Yes! That’s it!”
Ugh, the Empire just won't stay out of this, will they?
“Alright, continue. The knight found you, and then what?”
“I thought I was going to die, but he said I didn’t have to worry because he wasn’t here to hurt me.”
The knight introduced himself as her brother’s friend. He handed her a compass and told her that if she followed its direction, she would meet her brother.
“He said he wanted to come with me but couldn’t, and that he would send someone to rescue me in a few days.”
That was all of Erwen’s Chapter 1. 
The moment the knight finished speaking, darkness engulfed my vision before I could even respond. 
“I felt someone nearby, so… I’m sorry.”
“It’s fine. If you’re unsure, just stab first.”
“O-oh, is that right?”
“Good.”
I patted her head as I said that, and she gave a bright smile. It was an unconscious gesture, but her young appearance made me feel uncomfortable. I felt like a barbarian uncle teaching a child something inappropriate.
“...Anyway, show me the compass you got from the knight.”
“Here you go.”
I took the compass from her.
‘Just keep going in this direction…?’
The circumstances strongly suggested that this was the correct path, but before we set off, I had to check Erwen’s condition. 
‘Her gear has been completely stripped… ’
Unlike me, who had brought all my original items – the Devil Crusher, the Aegis Shield, etc. – Erwen was completely barehanded.
Moreover…
“I can still use my mana and spirits, but… I can’t exert my full strength.”
Her MP was drastically low, resulting in only one-tenth of her usual output. [Chaos Circuit] was her only hope, but even she hadn’t confirmed it yet.
“I thought I would be in a lot of trouble if the recoil kicked in during that situation, so I managed to escape while controlling it.”
[Chaos Circuit] activates upon using all available resources. When activated, it grants unlimited MP for one minute.
With that, one could unleash [Focused Fire], summon the Spirit King, and unleash an incredible amount of damage for a whole minute. 
‘…Even at full charge, it’s still only 10% of my usual output.’
Even with unlimited MP, lower stats mean lower coefficients, resulting in lower damage output despite charging for the same amount of time. Still, it would be far better than most ranged DPS characters.
‘I should save this for emergencies… ’
Following numerous tests, I discovered another unique trait in addition to the “monster will not attack first” characteristic.
“Ugh, ugh…!”
Her wounds weren’t healing. It wasn’t simply because her stats had decreased, causing her natural regeneration to fall as well.
Potions work differently from stats, after all.
Sssshhhhzzzt-!
The healing rate of her skin was agonizingly slow, far slower than what could be expected from a potion.
‘This is a problem… ’
What would happen if she were to be stabbed in a vulnerable spot while in this state? Just thinking about it made me shudder.
“Erwen, you are absolutely forbidden from engaging in combat. Understand?”
“...Yes?”
“I’ll protect you no matter what, so just trust me and follow quietly.”
“Ah… ! Yes!”
Alright, let’s begin Chapter 2.
***
Thud, thud. 
I stepped out of the cave entrance, which was blocked by a barrier, and followed the direction indicated by the compass, heading deeper into the cave.
As I did so, I realized something. It was something I had been thinking about since the cave entrance.
“Mister, this place seems… ”
“You’re saying it’s similar to the 1st floor Crystal Cave?”
“Yes.”
Of course, there are differences. This cave didn’t have any monsters at all.
Thanks to that, we were moving much more comfortably than anticipated. 
It was just my body that felt comfortable, my mind was still utterly uneasy.
‘There’s nothing, it’s making me crazy with anxiety… ’
Being in this environment with no stimuli whatsoever made my nerves numb despite my best efforts to stay vigilant. I kept thinking about other things even as I walked.
‘Something feels off…’
I learned exploration from Rothmiller. Needless to say, he was obsessed with speedrunning, and the 1st floor Crystal Cave was the place he’d researched the most. I received his knowledge, so I’m also very familiar with the Crystal Cave.
To put it mildly, I can tell where I am just by touching the walls, so precise are my senses. That’s why I have a question.
‘Is the terrain different from the labyrinth?’
We’re currently believed to be near the Land of the Dead.
But Erwen said she started in a perfectly normal village, not the Land of the Dead.
If so, what caused this variation?
‘Could the village be transformed into the Land of the Dead later down the line?’
Well, that’s not an entirely outlandish hypothesis. One of the Land of the Dead’s defining characteristics is the swampy black soil and the ruins of stone structures buried beneath it.
“...This is a dilemma.”
“Yes?”
“The compass is pointing west, towards the Rock Desert, based on the Crystal Cave’s coordinates.”
“Yes, but…?”
Erwen’s expression seemed to ask what the problem was. It’s probably a normal reaction. But…
“I’m just curious. What about the other exits?”
I have a gut feeling that, like Chapter 1, we’ll transition to the next chapter the moment we find the exit. If that happens, we’ll never be able to verify the structure of Chapter 2.
“Mister… what about the other exits?”
“I have a hunch that there might be something hidden in the center. I’m also curious how the other exits are designed.”
“Well, I suppose you’ve always had a strong sense of inquiry, haven’t you?”
It’s more like a craving for something than curiosity.
Who knows what kind of reward might be hidden here?
Even in Chapter 1, I’d have thoroughly scoured every corner if I wasn’t focused on gathering information. 
“Well, why don’t we just go?”
“But what if there’s nothing there? Then we’ll just waste our time.”
“Isn’t exploration always a gamble like that?”
“Well… you’re right.”
I had already made my decision in my heart, so I immediately changed course and headed towards the center of the cave.
“Is this the place? The memorial should be here… ”
The very center of the cave. Where Gavrilius’ memorial should be, and where the Witch’s Altar was located in the Pilgrim’s Cave.
“The terrain matches, so we’re in the right place, but there’s nothing.”
Ugh, a bust?
“We’ve come this far, so let’s search a little—.”
“Mister?”
Suddenly, Erwen flinched and called out to me.
“I feel… something strange.”
“You feel something?”
“It’s coming closer… ! From that direction!” 
Erwen pointed to the direction of the wall.
I didn’t doubt the veracity of her information. 
“Get back! Quickly!”
I sent Erwen behind me, assumed a combat stance, and stared at the wall.
And then, how long had it been?
Unlike my expectation of something bursting out like a storm,
Pop-
A translucent, bizarre creature peeked its face out of the wall and cautiously glanced around.
The moment I locked eyes with it, I was speechless.
“...Hamsik?” 
Why are you here?
***
Black eyes, twitching ears.
A protruding chin and front teeth.
Glossy beige fur and a chubby pink belly.
And adorable little paws too.
It’s Hamsik, no doubt.
But…
[Ham… sik?] 
The intimidating aura emanating from his demeanor and voice is confusing.
[So, mortal, is it truly you who dares to bestow such a trivial name upon me?]
A blood-curdling aura.
Upon sensing it, I acknowledged it immediately. This creature before my eyes was no ordinary Hamsik.
“...Who are you?”
[You are not worthy of my answer.]
Hamsik dismissed my question before fixing his gaze on Erwen.
[Human girl, do you know your destiny?]
“Um… who are you?”
Hamsik responded to Erwen’s question more kindly than to mine.
[I am a being who can either help or harm you.]
“...?”
[Poor thing.] 
Hamsik, who had been looking down at Erwen, emerged from the wall completely and walked towards her.
He emanated a heavy atmosphere with a majestic gaze, but his clumsy gait was unmistakably Hamsik’s.
Is it a limitation of his body structure?
Just as I was pondering the matter, Hamsik uttered crucial information in a deep voice.
[Human girl, a terrible calamity will befall you if you are captured by your pursuers. However… ]
“...However?”
[If you die here by my hand, the world shall remain intact.]
He spoke as if there were two choices, but anyone who witnessed Hamsik’s gaze at this moment would know.
What decision he had made.
‘Damn it.’
I came here hoping for some reward, but a hidden boss suddenly popped up.
[You bear no fault. You are free to blame me—.]
Hamsik’s mumbling was cut short. There was no need to hear more.
It didn’t matter if he was the Hamsik before he lost his memories or one of Hamsik’s parents.
Whiz-!
I swung my hammer, blocking his path.
“Stop putting on a show with that cute face.”
[Cute… me?]
Hamsik trembled, seemingly insulted.
[Beep-! You insignificant mortal! Insolent—!]
And thus, the Hidden Boss battle commenced.
***
To summarize, Hamsik was strong. 
About as strong as a Rank 3 monster.  He’d probably be in the upper mid-range of Rank 3s.
However…
[Beep—! Release me! I said release me…!]
Hamsik had a fatal flaw. While his endurance and regeneration were high, his casting time was long, and his skills, despite having wide coverage, lacked single-target damage.
He had a skillset specialized for “ganking,” as they say…
‘If I had been a Shield Barbarian, I might not have enough damage.’
I had become a Hammer Barbarian after becoming a mercenary, allowing me to break through his defenses and subdue him.
Oh, of course, Erwen’s contribution was the greatest to this outcome. Even with that crippling debuff, she could contribute as much as anyone else if she used [Chaos Circuit].
‘How does she deal more damage than me in that condition…?’
“...Mister! Are you alright?!”
Erwen rushed to me, panting, after successfully subduing him. Due to her low defense, she was in rough shape.
But thanks to this grueling battle, we were able to uncover something.
“I’m fine. No serious injuries.”
To be precise, the serious injuries had already healed somewhat. However, the healing rate drastically slowed down after reaching a certain level.
‘Does her healing rate increase the more damage she sustains?’
The status ailment I’m suffering from seems to be more than just increased attack power and decreased defense. 
‘If this mechanism is true, it’ll be very compatible with [Hero’s Path].’ 
However, that’s not the most important thing right now.
“Hamsik.”
[My name is not Hamsik—!]
“Hamsik.”
[…What do you want from me, mortal?]
Hamsik’s eyes widened as I took out a small bead.
[You— how did you—!]
How did I get it? 
It was in his pouch when he briefly passed out.
“Enough. Just answer my question. What is this?”
[…..]
I didn’t even tell him about the Miranda Rule or anything like that.
“If you don’t answer, I’m taking it.”
I asked politely, but Hamsik still remained silent. 
Was this something precious to him?
“Answer.”
[…….]
“You won’t?”
He mumbled in a sorrowful voice.
[I was going to give it to you… ]
That voice, filled with such grievance, left me speechless.
[I was going to give it to you… after I tested you. If I felt you wouldn’t die in vain… ]
What the hell is this?
As a gamer who has experienced countless trials and tribulations, I was taken aback.
[Why must I suffer this humiliation…!]
…Is this not just a simple defeat?
]]]