## Chapter 596: RPG (4)
Sometimes in games, you encounter situations where the solution isn't brute force, but achieving a specific condition.
"Hmm..."
Honestly, if the goal was simply to endure, it wouldn't have been that difficult. Hamsik didn't have any powerful single-target skills. Even if there were any, they had long casting times, giving us ample time to prepare.
But amidst all that...
'A buff where the more damage you sustain, the stronger your regeneration becomes.'
This mercenary's body was built for endurance. Even Erwin, who was normally considered expendable, had made a significant contribution using [Chaos Circuit]. 
'This feels pointless...'
We had fought hard, but it turned out we only needed to endure. Had we been wasting our strength for nothing? It felt like a waste, but I chose to see the positive.
'Hey, but it's better to be able to defeat it if we can.'
My judgment was never wrong.
What's the big deal if we could just endure? On the contrary, this made things even more positive. Whenever a standard approach worked, it always came with an additional reward.
Like this.
[Truly... I only wanted to help—.]
"Hamsik."
[...Speak, mortal.]
Hamsik, who had never treated me like a person, even questioning my worthiness, had learned to show respect. A change that wouldn't have happened if we had just endured. 
Perhaps he would have simply tossed me an item and left without any proper explanation.
Well, now that wouldn't happen.
"I know you didn't mean any harm. Now tell me, what exactly is this?"
[If you feed this to the human girl, it will greatly aid her in your future journey.]
"Don't beat around the bush with your vague 'aid' and stuff. Tell me clearly."
It was a potion of some sort, but I couldn't give something of unknown origins to Erwin, so I relentlessly pressed for details. 
Hamsik's explanation of the potion's effects was simple.
If she were to consume it, she would gain a certain level of control over the 'Forsaken' — in other words, the 'beasts'— beyond simply not being attacked by them.
[But remember, this won't work on those with superior Spiritual Energy, like me.]
Hamsik, delivering his earnest words of advice, rose and walked toward the wall.
"Hey, where are you going?"
[I have gotten the answer I sought, so our business is done—.]
"Not yet."
[...?]
I'm not letting you get away with a hidden piece reward. 
After all, I've subdued you. Just letting you go would be a loss. I didn't think Hamsik would be hiding anything physical, but...
There's no need for rewards to be material.
Every piece of information gained here is invaluable to me.
And in that regard...
"Who are you, exactly? Are you a beast… a Forsaken?"
I began my in-depth questioning. 
[...From the eyes of a mortal, that's what I seem.]
"Don't give me ambiguous answers. Be clear."
[...That's correct. More accurately, I would be a 'Forsaker.']
"Forsaker...?"
[We Forsook our faith first, and through that act, we broke free from our constraints and became independent beings.]
The Forsaken and the Forsaker.
The difference between them was simple, as I continued to listen.
'Whether they possess intelligence or not.'
Goblins, Kobolds, Orcs — they belonged to the 'Forsakers'. 
Unlike ordinary beasts, they had built civilizations, creating villages in forests and mountains. Sometimes, they even interacted with humans. 
[But now that this day has come, I see. There are things that cannot be forsaken, even if we desperately want to.]
"...What does that mean?"
[Though I told you that my power wouldn't work on those with superior Spiritual Energy, don't worry. They will never harm the human girl. Just as I have not—.]
Things that cannot be forsaken, even if we desperately want to.
It wasn't an answer to my question, but I let it slide.
There was something more important that I needed to confirm first.
"Hamsik."
[Speak, mortal.]
I looked at Hamsik, who no longer flinched at the name I gave him, and cautiously asked.
"Just wondering... Is she the Earth Witch?"
[Witch?]
Hamsik shook his head firmly, as if he had heard something strange. 
But that didn't mean Erwin wasn't the Earth Witch. 
[The human girl is not a witch.]
His following words confirmed my suspicions.
[She is merely… a pitiful child with a cruel fate.]
This Rift...
Its base was truly the Earth Witch...
***
Every Rift has a story.
Playing the game, you could glean some backstory through various concepts or dialogue, but what truly solidified my certainty was a conversation with the vampire elder.
The Crimson Citadel, where the Corpse Golem and the Vampire appeared. That place, which I had visited countless times while playing, was a space built upon the life of someone.
The White Shrine, the Doppelganger Forest — they'd be the same.
'A Rift created based on the witch's story...'
This felt like the most crucial turning point in my explorations so far.
Also, the words of the "Golden Book" I had read in Hamsik's room came back to me.
Once upon a time, a brother and sister lived happily in a village. But when the brother left the village to become a mage, his sister was heartbroken.
A diary entry that could be summarized in three lines.
'This must be another story about the witch.'
Perhaps through this exploration, I could learn more about the witch and uncover the secrets surrounding this labyrinth.
With that in mind, I spent a long time peppering Hamsik with questions.
[Enough.]
Hamsik suddenly glared at me and muttered.
"...Enough?"
Is he thinking we're friends now, just because he's been nice to me?
As I genuinely pondered how to approach Hamsik in the future, he seemed to sense my unease and shouted in defense.
[It's not that…! The imperial forces are approaching!]
"The imperial forces...?"
[Don't even think about fighting them! Even you wouldn't stand a chance against so many enemies.]
Hmm... is that so?
It didn't quite feel real, even with his words, but Hamsik continued to persuade me with earnest sincerity. 
[You might be alright, but what about the human girl? Do you think you can protect her against those numbers?]
It wasn't an entirely flawed argument.
Erwin was still recovering from the after-effects of using [Chaos Circuit].
"We need to escape this cave quickly."
[It's probably too late. They've already surrounded us—.]
"Is it true, Erwin?"
"I don't know. I'm not feeling well—."
[If you hadn't spent all your energy facing you, I would have noticed sooner—.]
Hamsik muttered, filled with emotion. 
I understood his frustration, but I couldn't just ignore his words.
"Are you saying this is all my fault?"
[I'm not saying let's assign blame! Enough, come here!]
"Huh?"
[There's only one way to get out of this cave safely!]
Hamsik led me toward the center of the chamber, and with a wave of his hand, a portal materialized.
Whoooosh-!
It was a portal that looked quite unstable, swaying precariously.
"Where does this lead?"
[I don't know. But... it won't be where you were going.]
Hmm, did they have another route besides the cave passage that I had found with my compass?
I didn't have a good feeling about it, whether it was a positive or negative event.
But...
"What about you, old man?"
"Let's go. I don't think that thing will harm us."
There was no other choice.
If something were to happen to Erwin, who was in a vulnerable state, it would be impossible to control.
After reaching an agreement, I was walking towards the portal when Hamsik called out to me.
[Mercenary.]
"...?"
[Take care of that child.]
Huh, I was wondering what he was going to say.
"I will. You don't need to tell me."
With a playful smile, I tightly held Erwin's hand and stepped into the portal.
And...
'Is this phase three?'
When I opened my eyes, filled with anticipation of how things would unfold, I saw this.
[Special Condition - Distorted Journey Met]
[Character is moving to the Great Square]
A square packed with thousands of people.
"Kill her!!"
"Let the judgment of the gods fall upon the evil witch!!"
We were kneeling on the execution platform. 
***
Let's summarize the situation.
I'm on the execution platform, bound hand and foot.
'Did they steal all my equipment? Dammit, I hope I can find it, right?'
All the equipment I had worked so hard to loot had vanished, replaced by a flimsy sackcloth.
Oh, and Erwin is beside me, in a similar state. 
Somehow, she's grown a little since before.
"Oh, old man...!"
She now looks around ten to twelve years old.
A nobleman in front of us, standing between Erwin and me who are bound, began to list our crimes.
It was an endless stream of accusations — from conspiracy to rebellion, to the murder of a nobleman, massacres, arson.
Amidst all those accusations, there was only one detail I needed to focus on.
"For more than ten years, this evil witch and her follower, Bjorn Yandel, have plunged the world into chaos. I sentence them to death!"
More than ten years.
'Did that much time pass… after I left the cave?'
Maybe the crimes the nobleman listed were from the past ten years.
'But that would mean Erwin is too young. 
The question remained, but I decided to skip over it for now.
"What should we do, old man?"
"Calm down. I'm thinking."
I calmed Erwin down first and continued my own thoughts.
Fortunately, we had time. I thought they would execute us right after the nobleman finished reciting the charges, but that wasn't the case.
"This concludes the Emperor's message!"
A knight in full plate armor, gleaming with splendor, ascended and began to read from a scroll, as if delivering the King's decree.
"Citizens of the Empire! It has been a long time! A truly difficult time! The world has become a hellish realm due to the appearance of the evil witch—."
His voice, amplified by magic, boomed throughout the square, a powerful testament to his authority and self-praise.
I listened with one ear to get the gist while I continued to think of an escape route.
Tap, tap.
Someone gently tapped my bound shoulder. I could only move my eyes, unable to move my neck, and saw a familiar face.
"Long time no see, Yandel."
"You are...?"
"Do you remember me? We only met once, all those years ago."
Well, from my perspective, it had only been a few hours.
It was the mercenary who had been with me in Chapter One.
His face was now filled with wrinkles and his hair was tinged with gray, but not much had changed from that youthful day.
"You haven't aged a day. You're so young. Did you gain that strength by becoming a follower of the witch?"
"Let's just say that."
"I was so surprised when I first heard your name. To think you, of all people, would be a follower of the witch who plunged the world into chaos… I wasn't sure until I saw you here."
"..."
"You know? I spent all my money for this, just for today."
"...Why did you go that far?"
The man didn't answer my question.
"After you left, I joined the imperial forces. Being a mercenary and a soldier isn't that different, but I found a place to settle down."
"..."
"I met a wonderful woman, got married, and had children. It was truly a blessed time. Those ten years were long enough to change my whole life, but also too short."
His calm voice became increasingly agitated as his story progressed.
"Do you know? I have nothing left. I lost everything when the Fortress of Nelvers fell to the beast horde."
...Damn it.
"Did that answer your question? Why I'm here."
I knew it wasn't my doing, but it was still stressful to face such clear malice.
"Sometimes they say prisoners with broken chains manage to survive, but don't worry."
"..."
"I made sure to double check several times."
He seemed to have finished what he wanted to say and stepped back, no longer addressing me.
And after a while...
"Oh, old man? It seems like it's coming to an end..."
I knew the moment was right in front of me.
The roaring cheers of the crowd, fueled by feverish anticipation.
'...No, what am I supposed to do?'
I tried to muster every ounce of strength, desperate to break free from the ropes, but they wouldn't budge. 
'This… is this unfair?'
Initially, I thought there might be an NPC who would help since they had spoken to me, but that wasn't the case either.
Am I truly going to die like this?
Or will I wake up again, moving to the next chapter?
I didn't know.
The only truth I knew was that I shouldn't give in to despair.
"Aaarrrghhhh!!!"
I channeled all my remaining strength and resisted.
It was still not enough to break the ropes.
But...
Crackle-
The ropes loosened slightly.
Embracing this glimmer of hope, I shook my entire body back and forth, taking advantage of the slack.
"...Stop!"
A soldier approached to restrain me.
...It was that guy from before.
Wham-!
I slammed my forehead into his head, using the newly-created space.
"...Huh? Aaaarghhhh!"
The soldier plunged from the high execution platform. 
"Kill her! Kill her! Kill her now!"
"Waaaarghhhh!!!"
The crowd, even more frenzied by the incident on the platform, roared with unrestrained fury.
I didn't care about them. I struggled to escape.
And...
"Haah..."
The knight, who had just finished reading the King's message, let out a long sigh.
A soft sigh, amplified by magic, resonated throughout the square.
"Well, it seems preparations are complete just in time."
Only then did I realize…
That this voice was familiar.
"Sir Ervan was found dead...!"
"What? Then who is that person up there...!"
"Stop them!!"
The knights, panicked, hastily climbed the stairs from below.
And at that moment.
"Begin."
A beam of light erupted from the floor of the square, which could accommodate thousands.
Whoooooooooosh-!!
A massive magic circle, unlike anything I had ever seen.
The man, bathed in its afterglow, turned around and threw off his helmet.
"Come, now. Do you know how much trouble you've caused us?"
It was the Village Chief. 