## Chapter 607: The Legion Commander (4)
Raven remained silent for a moment in response to my suggestion to give it a try. Her gaze, piercing and cold, was fixed on me with genuine concern.  She shook her head slowly, her voice a low murmur.
“Ainar, I still feel uneasy about just directly experimenting with it.”
“You won't know anything unless you actually try it out in the Labyrinth,” I countered, my tone steady and firm.
“That's true, but it’s a very special item to me. It would be such a shame if it were to vanish without any use.” 
I couldn’t argue with that. It was her rift stone, after all.  Even if something hidden truly did trigger, that would be a problem.  We intended to continue our exploration as soon as the rainy season ended, and losing time would disrupt our schedule.
‘They’ve all been cooped up here for so long, it’s understandable they're a bit on edge…’
For now, my plan to activate the statue with the rift stone from Cambormier had to be put on hold.
"Well, I'm going to go!"
Raven left, claiming she needed to think of a name for the tiara to adorn her crown. I was left alone in the tent, my mind racing. 
It wasn't about the statue or the rift stone. 
‘What a coincidence, isn’t it?’
The ability of the tiara Raven mentioned kept replaying in my head.  The effect – mental immunity – attached to the item I’d obtained from slaying the Archbishop, who’d just become a Karui priest?
‘It feels like an item specifically made for that chapter…’
I was troubled by the red portal I’d been forced to leave behind. 
What could be on the other side?
Perhaps with this tiara, I could witness it with my own eyes the next time I attempted to cross it. 
Well, not right now, though.
‘I doubt I can immediately try again.’
We’d already cleared the rift.
The guardian statues on the first five floors, which had been the conditions to open the rift, now only produced a portal when touched.  We were completely locked out.
The only option for now was to take the portal in the stone chamber and head back.
‘I wonder how long the cooldown is…’
We’d have to find out once we’re back.  Perhaps we’d be able to try again immediately, or maybe we’d have to wait for the cooldown period.
Considering the unknowns of the first floor, there was also the possibility that we could be locked out forever if the rift were a one-time event.
“Swoosh.”
Sitting alone in the tent, I rummaged through my subspace bag, pulling out a knapsack.
The one I’d received from the Village Chief before entering the rift.
He’d tucked a notebook inside, containing the answers to all my questions.
I read it as soon as we were out and took care of everything.
But…
‘Did he have some sort of disease that prevented him from simply saying everything?  I mean, wouldn’t it be easier?’
The more I read, the more mysteries arose.
[If you feel like something is nearby in the Library Island, leave and re-enter after a day.  The shelves will be organized by then.]
That was for Hamsik.
[If you find another dimensional monument, don’t show any interest.  I repeat, the exit you seek is the one in our village.]
This was likely about the dimensional monument on the Giant Island.
However, everything from this point onwards was rather ominous.
[If a large shadow appears while exploring the Giant Island, do not look up.  Wait, and it will disappear.  You can then continue your journey.]
[There’s nothing at the top of the island you call “Tree Island.” If you see or hear anything, cover your eyes and ears, and hold your breath.  You’ll make it through.]
[If you see a wave rising during the rainy season, immediately stop and find shelter. Every island has at least one place to hide. But avoid the rock island where you first woke up. It’s the only one without a hiding place.]
[The Golden Book will not be of any help in achieving your goal.]
[If you see a sky-running horse during the dry season, don’t act rashly.  If you don’t attack or approach it, there will be no problem.]
At this point, it felt like the purpose was not to convey information, but to spread rumors. However, the last entry was much easier to understand.
[If a dimensional collapse occurs and the entire layer starts to crumble, head towards the island where our village was. The portal leading to the surface will be open.]
In case of a dimensional collapse, we can escape the first floor.
And one thing we can deduce from this:
‘Village Chief, it seems he doesn’t know any other way to escape except this, huh?’
He simply waits for a dimensional collapse.  That's the only escape method he knows.
That explained why he didn’t escape with us and used the [Pagan Altar] to leave this layer.
He doesn’t know when I’ll escape either. 
And if we have to wait until a dimensional collapse happens, who knows how long that’ll take?
‘There’s no mention of the Rainbow Island.’
I re-read the notebook multiple times and thoroughly searched the knapsack the Village Chief had given me, but found nothing about Rainbow Island. 
I felt like it was the key to escaping, though.
‘Did he know and choose not to write it down, or did he not know at all?’
I had no way to verify it now. 
I can’t grab the Village Chief by the collar and ask him, not after he’s been awake in the city for so long.
‘I guess I’ll just have to go there myself.’
In the end, we had no choice but to continue our exploration.
An explorer must explore.
***
As soon as the rainy season ended, we used the portal to return.
The giant stone gate stood tall in the middle of the ocean.
The small boat we’d come in on was gone, and we ended up plunging into the silver sea as soon as we stepped out.
But…
‘Ugh, such a hassle.’
After going through various frustrating steps, everyone in our expedition safely boarded the summoned ship.
And we learned something in the process.
That gate wasn’t always open.
“The gate is sinking below the surface!”
As the last member emerged from the portal, the giant stone gate closed and began sinking into the ocean.
‘…So I can’t immediately try again, huh?’
It was a little disappointing, but we’d try again later.  The gate would eventually resurface when the cooldown was over.
That is, unless it was a one-time content.
“Lord Baron, the ship is ready for departure.”
Standing at the bow, I watched the gate sink into the ocean and then looked around.
Three warships stood by, escorting my ship.
“Raise the departure flag!”
As soon as I gave the order, the ship started to move, and the flag was hoisted on the lookout tower.
“Swoosh-!”
Three warships followed our lead, cutting through the silver waves.
Isn’t life just a series of ups and downs?
When we arrived, we’d been trailing those warships.
“Bjorn, are you hungry?”
“Oh, thanks.”
Amelia approached me as I munched on the snacks Secretary Misha had prepared.
“…What’s that?”
“This? It’s a snack from the Secretary.”
“…When are you going to stop with that ridiculous title?”
Well…
That was a bit harsh, even for me.
“Maybe you’re just doing this because you don’t like the position of Search Captain?”
By the way, the Search Captain is in charge of all the talent best suited for scouting missions.  A position was created specifically for her, considering her role as a founding member.
But…
“Haa…,” Amelia sighed, shaking her head, and went off to do her work.
‘I have nothing to do…’
I continued my patrol, but there wasn’t much for me to do.  I ended up spending my time resting in my room or chatting with the others.
And then, after some time...
“I’ll be back in a little while.”
We finally arrived at Library Island.  I left the ship alone and headed down to the island.
The books we’d tossed around were now perfectly organized, and even my footsteps echoed multiple times.
‘So quiet.’
I didn’t sense Hamsik’s presence.
Was he sleeping at home?
“Hamsik—!!”
I called out loudly. Soon after, a fluffy creature cautiously peeked out from behind the bookshelf.
“Oh, hey, you’re here.  Why aren’t you at home?”
[…Are you seriously asking me that!!]
Oh right, we’d trashed his place before we left.
“…Sorry.”
[Ha! So, what brings you here?  And alone, no less.]
“I came to see you. The others are waiting up top, so come on down.”
[….]
Was it unexpected for me to visit?
Hamsik looked around suspiciously before finally appearing. 
[You… came to see me?]
“Yeah.”
[Why?]
The reason was simple.
I’d seen him in the rift I’d visited recently.
[My name isn’t some “Hamsik”—!]
The other Hamsik, the one I’d met in the cave who didn’t even know his own name.
After meeting the second Hamsik, I realized something.
There was a big secret hidden within Hamsik. 
Even if he himself wasn’t aware of it.
“Don’t be so sentimental!  Do I need a reason to see a friend?”
However, I concealed my true intentions and laughed heartily as I approached him. Hamsik grew even more wary. 
[Don’t lie to me!]
“…?”
[You wouldn’t just come here for no reason! You must have a goal!]
Ugh, he’s already gotten so suspicious.
The good ol’ days when he was innocent were easier.
I chuckled and told him the truth.
“Alright, alright, I do have a goal.”
[Hmph! I knew it—.]
“Hamsik, let’s leave this place together.”
[…What?]
Hamsik was startled and looked at me with confusion.
Ugh, I knew this would be a tough sell.
[Leave together… what are you talking about?]
“Literally, Hamsik.  You’ll just be organizing books here, and even that’ll be gone once we’re out.”
[….]
Did I hit a nerve?  He looked a little offended.
But to change your life, you always need a little shock.
“You’ve been here long enough. Let’s get out of here together. We’re wasting time.”
[…What’s going to change if we leave?]
“A lot.”
He seemed unconvinced.  
So I explained more specifically.
“For one, you can see what’s out there with your own eyes.  You’ve been here so long, you don’t even know what’s outside, do you?”
[I’m not really curious.]
Unexpected reaction.
He actually wasn’t just saying it, he truly wasn’t curious.
“How about this? You lost all your memories, right? You don’t even know who you are.  Maybe we could find them back as we explore.”
[…How can you be so sure?]
Oh, he’s intrigued by this.
I confidently answered his reasonable objection.
“What about you? Can you be sure that’s not possible?”
He fell silent.
[…That’s a stretch.]
Well, he wasn’t wrong.
But I said confidently, “But one thing that won’t change is that nothing will change if you stay here forever.”
This was my philosophy in life.
As the saying goes, a good start is half the battle. 
0 and 1 are different.
They may seem similar at first, but the difference will grow enormously with time.
However, Hamsik remained hesitant.
‘Ugh, I feel like I just have to give him a little push…’
[Just one thing.]
“…?”
[Answer me one question. Why are you taking me with you?]
Ugh, he’s so persistent.
I sighed inwardly and looked at the empty space, not at Hamsik.
“…What do you think I’m looking at?”
[….]
“My friend is cooped up at home, feeling sorry for himself.”
That was another reason for taking him with me. 
I couldn’t help but worry about him.
***
Hamsik’s answer came after a long time.
[I’ll go.  I’ll go outside with you.]
My persuasion worked, after all. 
My words – that I’d bring him back here whenever he changed his mind – finally got through to him.
“Good choice.”
[…But if I’m around, there’ll be problems.  Others… look at me with disgust.]
“We can just hide you. Stay in the cabin when we’re out.”
[Then what’s changed?]
“Where you’re hiding?”
[….]
“You lost your home anyway. The cabin has a bed. It’s really comfy.”
[….]
“Stop hesitating! You’ve made your decision. Let’s go! We don’t have time for this!”
I hurriedly took Hamsik with me and left the island, fearing he might change his mind.
And then…
“Everyone, stay inside.”
After clearing the deck, I led Hamsik to my cabin, away from any curious eyes.
“How’s this? Do you like it? It has a window so you can see the ocean.”
[Hmph.  So what? I’ve seen it before.]
“Oh, you’ve been up here before? I thought you had no interest in the outside world.”
[….]
“Anyway, I’ll be back later. I have to tell the others they can come out now, and then we have to leave.”
[…Do as you please.]
I hid Hamsik in my room and then went out to get everyone back on deck.
And then…
“Set sail!!”
Our journey resumed.
Our destination was Rainbow Island, approximately a month’s journey from our current location.
“Swoosh-!”
Our four ships sailed forward.
It was then…
“…What?”
A commotion erupted on deck.
Everyone on deck looked up at the sky with a dazed expression.
“…Horse?”
“Right? It definitely looks like a horse, doesn’t it?”
…Horse?
I raised my head and saw a glowing white horse-shaped creature soaring through the sky.
I quickly retrieved the Village Chief’s notebook of rumors.
[If you see a sky-running horse during the dry season, don’t act rashly.  If you don’t attack or approach it, there will be no problem.]
I didn’t expect to see it so soon. 