## Chapter 609: Mystery (2)
According to the expedition leader, the wind gusts were so strong from 200 meters up that they couldn't ascend using levitation magic.
They tried casting illumination magic to improve visibility, but even that was scattered by the powerful wind.
However, one of the expedition members claimed to have seen something during the brief flash of light. 
“I saw something definitely looking down at me in the darkness.”
The member couldn't describe the appearance, shape, or size of the thing, but strongly asserted they had seen something. 
“The wind was so strong, we couldn't see properly. He might have been mistaken…”
The expedition leader seemed to disregard the member’s account, but I had a different opinion.
While I didn’t completely trust the statement…
“Then we should check again.”
“Check again… you mean…?”
“Yes, go up again and use illumination magic properly this time. Then you should see something.”
“The members are exhausted. Could we rest today and continue the investigation tomorrow?”
Tomorrow…
I wouldn’t lie if I said I wanted to save time, but I, the Barbarian commander, am a man of great character. 
“Of course.”
My cool approval brought color back to the expedition leader’s face, which had looked pale enough to collapse. 
‘…Was he just using magic to appear pale because he wanted a break?’
The suspicion crossed my mind, but trusting my subordinates is part of a commander’s prerogative.
The exploration finally began the next day after the entire expedition rested. 
“I saw it too… something looking down at me!”
Another similar eyewitness account surfaced, and this time, the image recording device captured a blurry figure.
Of course, opinions varied after reviewing the footage.
“It’s too dark to see clearly.”
“It might be a refraction caused by the orb of light magic.”
“I disagree. Look here. This here is the eye, and this here is the nose… If you look at it with this in mind, the outline becomes clear…”
“Gulp! You’re right! That’s a human figure!”
“…Creepy.”
This feels less like a group of experts attacking a new level and more like a paranormal club exploring an abandoned house.
‘…The recording device is ambiguous.’
I checked the footage myself, but it was insufficient to make any definitive statements. 
However…
‘There’s another eyewitness account.’
Not just one, but two. 
That’s statistically significant. 
Could this lend credence to the claim that there’s something inside?
There is something hidden in those gusts of wind.
Even if it isn’t what they claim to be a ‘human’.
“Hmm…”
My worries deepened.
Because what I have to do next has become clear.
‘How should I climb up there?’
A way to reach the unidentified something while braving the gusts of wind.
From now on, I must find a way.
“Expedition leader. You’re now in charge of investigating the place freely. I’ll give you the authority, so feel free to mobilize others.”
I basically put the expedition on autopilot. 
And I told them to try everything they can think of, even if it sounds absurd. Just make sure they report the results to me.
‘I don’t think this guy will come up with any creative solutions.’
Still, I’m sure they’ll be able to pull something out.
I then said I was going back to my cabin to think things over. 
[Are you having trouble with something?]
“Oh, do you want to hear about it?”
I sat down Hamsik, who was lying on the bed reading a book, and shared the current situation.
I was hopeful, but unfortunately, Hamsik only had listening capabilities and not advising capabilities.
[Yes, that would be worrisome.]
“Is that all?”
[What else? What do you want me to do?]
He seems to have become a lot grumpier lately, probably because he reads a lot. 
He used to be much gentler. 
‘Is he going through puberty?’
Hamsik lost interest in me and went back to his book, while I lay in bed and tried to organize my thoughts.
How can I overcome the obstacles and climb to the top?
I couldn’t think of a way to move over a hundred people hundreds of meters up, braving the wind gusts.
But that’s why…
‘We shouldn’t be trying to climb up using magic or something like that. Hmm… So, do we have to fulfill some sort of condition to trigger an event?’
A pure gamer perspective-based speculation.
But considering this is a [Dungeon & Stone] world, this viewpoint is helpful in many ways.
‘Event…’
There’s actually a hypothesis that came to mind first.
The moment the rainy season ended.
A rainbow-colored pillar of light so intense that it could be seen from anywhere on the 1st underground level.
It lasted about five minutes before disappearing.
At the time, I thought it was simply a landmark. 
However…
‘What happens if I’m here at that time? Will a new event trigger?’
It’s a pretty plausible hypothesis.
Because that condition itself is very difficult to meet.
‘The nearest island is a four-week journey.’
The Stone Gate Island, where the Guardian statues lined the stone gate, has sunk beneath the sea, so the nearest island is the Library Island.
We can drastically reduce travel time by using magic-engineered propulsion devices, but it wouldn’t really matter.
No matter what we do, the rainy season will be over before we arrive.
‘In other words, to be here when the pillar of light is created, there’s no other way but to weather the rainy season head-on…’
If my hypothesis is true, thinking about it in reverse, Rainbow Island being isolated like that is also significant.
Well, maybe not.
‘Let’s keep investigating until then, and if there’s still no way, let’s try it.’
That’s how I concluded it.
***
Day, two days, three days, four days…
Time flew by on the ships anchored in the windless zone.
For some, it was a busy time, but for others, it was a peaceful, even boring, time.
“…Ah, I found it! Expedition leader!”
“Really?”
The most busy individuals were the expedition members.
Following the commander’s orders, they were constantly trying out outlandish experiments, only to fail.
Ah, for reference, today’s experiment was drone launch.
They were planning to shoot arrows with image recording devices attached, then use location tracking to find them and review the footage. It seemed like a plausible plan…
“Play it! Quickly!”
“…”
“Why are you just staring blankly…”
“I… it’s not working. It seems it got damaged by the impact of the fall.”
The expedition leader, who had invested three whole days, including preparation, for this plan, went pale.
“Can you repair it?”
“It’s not just tangled circuitry, it’s completely broken. It’s going to be difficult.”
“…”
Ugh… I feel sorry for him, just watching.
I feel like telling him to just take a break, but he always comes up with pretty good plans, so I’m still watching.
‘It’s not for nothing that he’s the expedition leader…’
The expedition leader was appointed after Gaffen recommended him, and he turned out to be exceptionally suited for the position.
‘I was a bit surprised when he said he’d explore the ocean at the same time.’
For reference, the expedition leader was also conducting underwater exploration simultaneously, and the most impressive plan was to sink an image recording device with a weight attached.
The plan was to remove the weight with a timer-based magic and then return it by forming an air layer…
The problem was the durability of the recording crystal.
No matter how many layers of protection magic were applied, the crystal was shattered from the high water pressure when it was recovered.
“…Once I get back, I’m going to create a recording crystal that can withstand any environment and never break.”
Maybe all technological advancements start this way.
They say failure is the mother of success, right?
‘It would make exploration a lot easier if something like that existed.’
Ah, it was still easy even without it.
I never had to do anything since there were so many talented people around who were treated like aces wherever they went.
I was the epitome of a bored person.
‘I’m bored, I’m going to go on patrol.’
As I went around the ships docked side by side, I felt a distinct decrease in the number of people.
I know they don’t need many guards since there are no marine monsters, but…
‘Even so, this many people?’
When I approached a member who was working on something on the deck and asked him, he gave me an unexpected answer.
“Everyone is hiding in their cabins. They’re afraid the expedition leader might see them if they go outside.”
“…”
“Didn’t the Baron give the expedition leader the authority to use anyone he needs, anywhere?”
“Ah…”
“Ugh… I shouldn’t have come out of my cabin because I was stuffy. I just happened to run into him.”
Hearing how a victim actually existed, I realized it wasn’t just a rumor.
I felt a little sorry for him, so I quickly left.
When I got back to our ship after circling all four ships…
“Bjoern!”
“Call me Commander.”
“Please save me! I need to rest!”
Ainar ran towards me, throwing his spear on the deck.
‘Oh, that’s an expensive spear.’
I almost vomited blood at the sight of Shinrok’s spear rolling on the floor, but first, I dodged Ainar’s tackle and checked the deck.
“Ugh!”
“Tsk.”
Amelia was glaring at Ainar, who was doing a forward roll. Apparently, they were lightly training together…
It wasn’t anything special.
“Training again today?”
“He can’t do anything by himself.” // I hate ai, HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO SAY.
Amelia had been training Ainar during every spare moment, whether staying on the chief’s island or sailing.
“He’s like that because of his fighting spirit. Once he gets back to his normal self, he’ll be fine without you telling him what to do.”
“I know. But regardless, I’m planning on keeping an eye on him until he gets back to his normal self. Do you have any objections?”
“None at all. I trust you with Ainar.”
I’m actually grateful to Amelia.
She’s basically taking on the task I should be doing.
‘She’s finally warming up to the others.’
It’s a pleasant sight.
Especially since she’s doing this voluntarily, not because I ordered her to.
“If you want to rest, swing your spear. The training ends that day if you can hit me even once.”
“Be, Behel-la…”
Ainar regained some of his fighting spirit and started swinging his spear, and I watched the sparring from a distance before leaving.
***
The rainy season was three days away.
I held a leadership meeting for the first time in a while.
And made an announcement.
“The investigation is over starting today.”
“Yes…?”
The expedition leader looked at me with a dumbfounded expression, not at all like a mage.
Honestly, I thought he would be happy.
“…I apologize if I’ve disappointed you. You gave us so much time, and we didn’t find anything.”
I wasn’t trying to put him down.
He seemed to have misunderstood, so I quickly continued.
“I’m not disappointed. I think you did your best, more than anyone could ask for. In fact, if it weren’t for you, we wouldn’t have found out this much.”
A warm statement, unlike the usual stoic Barbarian commander. 
I would never have said this before, but I genuinely acknowledged the expedition leader’s ability and efforts.
And did that feeling reach him through my eyes?
“…Thank you.”
The expedition leader replied with a short bow in appreciation for my respect, and then cautiously asked.
“Then, are you stopping the investigation because of the rainy season?”
“Your guess is both right and wrong.”
“Yes?”
“Stopping the investigation is because of the rainy season, but we’re not moving anywhere to avoid the rainy season. We’re stopping the investigation because we need time to prepare.”
I then looked at all the leaders, not just the expedition leader.
“We’ll weather the rainy season here.”
We’ll need all the preparations we can get.
]]]