## Chapter 611: Mystery (4)
A massive ship rested alone in the heart of the jungle. I had everyone disembark before I dispelled the summoning.  The ship had taken quite a battering, and it was impossible to leave it there...
Well, even if it hadn’t, we needed to get off quickly anyway.  We couldn’t move through the jungle on a ship.
“A… a monster…?”
“What? A monster?!”
A commotion ensued as Hamsik was forced to reveal himself.  It was something we had to deal with.  When we were transferring ships during the rainy season, I had put Hamsik inside my armor.  However, I couldn’t keep him hidden forever.
The reaction was entirely different from what I had anticipated.
“What, what kind of monster is that…?”
“For a monster, it’s… pretty cute?”
“An unknown species.”
This was a far cry from the reactions I received back in the library when the members of the expedition saw Hamsik.  The members were all staring at Hamsik in his true form.
“………So, this is how it looks.”
Amelia, who had been assigned to patrol the area, stood beside me.  I didn’t even realize when she had returned.  She was looking at Hamsik with bright eyes.
“…Can I touch it?”
“Ask him yourself…  No, first we need to get the situation under control.”
I quickly intervened, ordering them to lower their weapons aimed at Hamsik.
“This guy is the creature I met in the library, and he’s not hostile to us.”
“A… a monster isn’t hostile? Does that mean it’s not a monster?”
“Well, I don’t know about that, but I believe this guy will help us escape the first floor.”
“Ah… It was because of that monster. We stopped at that island because of him.”
“So, when are you lowering your weapons? Should I order it again?”
“Yes! I, I apologize!”
An army is a group where orders are followed unconditionally.  The members did not take any rash actions, but they kept their distance, watching Hamsik with guarded expressions at my, the Commander’s, command.
[…What’s going on?  I can’t understand their words, but it feels like they’re looking at me differently than usual.]
“Ah, that. It seems everyone can see your true form here.”
[…What? But even so, they still seem wary of me….]
“That’s natural.  Even though this is your true form, you’re still a stranger to us.”
[Ah… I, I guess that makes sense…?]
Hamsik seemed slightly flustered, unable to grasp this obvious fact.  He was clinging to my collar, as if looking for comfort.
“Stay here instead of there.”
I took Hamsik and put him on my shoulder.  He was initially surprised and struggled, but he quickly found his balance and curled up, as if he liked being on my shoulder.
‘Well, I guess this is like keeping a pet.’
Anyway, the problem with Hamsik was now taken care of.
“Chief Scout.”
Hearing his title, Amelia finally pulled her gaze away from Hamsik.
“How are the results of the search?”
“There’s nothing in the immediate vicinity. The flying object you saw is nowhere to be found, and the mages in the search party couldn’t find anything particularly interesting.”
“I see.”
Okay, so there isn’t any immediate danger…
I thought for a moment and instructed the Vice Commander to set up camp.  Exploration was important, but rest and reorganization were more urgent.
The members, each one an expert in their own right, finished setting up camp quickly.  But…
“Gather everyone before we rest.”
I called the members who had finished setting up their tents.  They all looked tired, but they didn’t complain.  In this world where parting is common, they already knew.
What I was about to do.
“Vice Commander, from now on, it’s all yours.”
I handed over the reins to the Vice Commander.  He skillfully added embellishments to the names, identities, and sacrifices of the deceased.
And…
“Archbishop Altvehimen, please.”
The priest prayed for their souls, and the mage cremated the remains, handing them over to their closest relatives.  The ceremony was over in a flash.
“Those not assigned to guard duty, go rest!  Today may be your last chance to rest!  Don’t forget your shifts!”
Even without the Vice Commander’s prodding, the exhausted members rushed towards their designated sleeping quarters.
Ah, of course, there were exceptions.
“Armin.”
Mül Armin, the leader of the Armin Exploration Team.  He was assigned to guard duty later, but for now, he stood silently in front of the spot where the remains were cremated.
“Where’s White Hecks?”
“…He seems to be going to sleep right away.”
“Well, he must be tired.  What about you?”
“…I should go and rest as well.”
He said so, but he probably won’t go to his tent for a long time.  Unlike the Hecks Clan, which felt like a corporation, though a small one, the Armin Exploration Team was a close-knit group that had been together for a long time.
“Alright, go ahead.  You should rest too.”
“Yes.”
I then patrolled the camp.  Amelia, Erwen, Misha, Goblin, Versil…  They were all asleep, exhausted.  I also headed towards my tent.
My private tent, located in the heart of the camp.  The Vice Commander had begged me to stay in a separate tent to avoid making the other members uncomfortable by staying only with the members of my fourth squad…
‘He even put a makeshift bed in there.’
I chuckled and laid Hamsik on the small makeshift bed.
“Sleep well.”
One blanket was enough for a barbarian.
***
The next day, after the entire expedition team had rested for an entire day, taking turns with guard duty, we resumed our exploration.  Of course, with over a hundred people, we couldn’t just start moving.
“Chief Surveyor.”
“Yes?”
“……You know?”
“……Yes, I will go.”
I assigned the Chief Scout to the Chief Surveyor, who was also an excellent mage, to scout further.  Based on his report, we held a staff meeting.
“We conducted a thorough search, expanding the radius, but we could not find any sign of the monster.”
“What about the temple that was visible in the distance?  Did you check that as well?”
“Yes. We couldn’t check the interior, but we didn’t find any monsters nearby.”
“Why couldn’t you check the interior?”
“The entrance was blocked by something magical.”
“Something magical?”
It was hard to believe what I was hearing from a mage skilled enough to join the expedition, but the Chief Surveyor replied confidently.
“I investigated, but I couldn’t figure out how it worked.  I can only speculate.  It might be related to dimensional severance phenomena, which are commonly found in rifts.”
“Dimensional severance phenomenon…  Ah, no need to explain. An explorer would know that.”
The dimensional severance phenomenon can be considered a ‘barrier.’
It was the same at the Witch’s Hut and at the Blood-Red Citadel.
When you enter through the portal, it feels like another world.  But there’s a barrier all around, and no matter what you do, you can’t break through it.
“Well, if that’s the case, then we can’t force it open.”
“Yes.  The possibility of an inaccessible terrain can’t be ruled out either—.”
“No, it’s not like that.”
“Yes…?”
“….Somehow, I feel that way.”
I sounded a little unsure, like a barbarian, but I had a reason for feeling so confident.  To be precise, it wasn’t a reason, but a statistic.
‘There have been cases where we couldn’t go beyond a certain area, but there hasn’t been a single structure that was completely inaccessible.’
It’s more likely that we need to meet a certain condition to enter the place.
“…Should I continue the report?”
“Ah, carry on.”
The Chief Surveyor continued to tell me about his observations.  He told me about how he didn’t see a single bug in the jungle.
He mentioned that plants mostly found in the Dark Continent were growing here.
He said he had found a few pieces of rusted iron on the ground.
It seemed insignificant, but it might be useful someday.  He continued giving me such information for a long time, and I tried my best to remember everything.
I made my decision after the report was over.
“Prepare for the expedition after the meeting.”
“Are we going to the temple?”
“Yes.”
Since it was the only place we had found so far, I planned to go and see it with my own eyes.  And if it wasn’t dangerous, we could expand our search radius from there.
‘No matter what we do, making a map is always the best option.’
Thus began the exploration.  Over a hundred people moved across the jungle, maintaining their formation.  They finally reached the temple.
Dozens of stone structures lined the area, and at the center, stood a massive temple.
“Hmm…  It feels familiar.”
“I agree.  It feels familiar somehow.”
“When did I ever come to a place like this?”
Just by seeing their reactions, I knew I wasn’t mistaken.
“…The Pantelion Ruins.”
“Huh?”
“The ruins we saw back then felt exactly like this, didn’t they?”
“Oh!  Yes, if those ruins were intact, they would have looked like this.”
As I expected, the place we are standing now is the Pantelion Ruins from the 7th floor of the Dark Continent.  Or rather, it’s likely to be the original form of that place.
“Then let’s check the temple first.”
Therefore, we went straight to the temple upon arrival.
The steps leading to the center weren’t very high, and the entrance was located about three floors up.
The stone door looked like it could open from the sides or top and bottom.
“Chief Surveyor, is there any other way to enter?”
“Yes. It seems that the dimensional severance phenomenon isn’t limited to the door but covers the entire temple… .”
“Alright.  You can focus on investigating the temple, then, as you won’t be joining the exploration.”
“Baron…  No, Commander, where are you going?”
“I’m not going right now, but I’m going to expand the search radius around this place for a few days. It’ll be easier if I have a map.”
I left the investigation to them and focused on making a map.  I sent several people from each squad to expand the search radius, prioritizing the map-making process…
After a whole week of searching, we didn’t find out much.
‘It’s incredibly vast.’
Unlike the rifts, where we could see dimensional severance phenomenon just by going a little outside, this place is massive.
And…
‘A river.’
A river flows towards the east of the temple.  Assuming this is the Pantelion Ruins, it’s likely to be the mouth of the Aribeona River, but…
‘It’s quite different.’
The mouth of the Aribeona River that I knew was much different, and I’m still confused.
‘I’ll decide later on whether to continue the search beyond the river…’
While we were struggling with the exploration and investigation, the Research Department, headed by Raven, made an unexpected discovery.
“These pieces of iron were found in the forest.  They aren’t just ordinary iron.”
“Is it a new metal?”
“Yes. I’m not sure if we can call it a metal. Rust doesn’t form on it. There’s no metal in this world that decays like this, right?”
She showed me a sample of the metal, which was indeed blackened like rotten flesh and even emitted a foul odor.
“As you can see, it has decayed and shrunk in size.”
“….A fascinating metal.”
I had initially reacted this way, but Raven’s next words changed my perspective.
“But… this made me think of something.”
“What?”
“The art of alchemy.  It’s said that it was originally intended to create ‘humans’ in the past.”
It’s a story I’ve heard before.
Well, alchemy now is just a technique that uses the energy of magic stones to create resources.
“So?”
“I was interested in it and studied it before. Do you know why ancient alchemy failed to create ‘humans’?  They couldn’t create flesh.”
“Flesh?”
“Yes. Flesh, skin, muscles… things like that.  So, no matter what they did, even if they breathed a soul into it, it couldn’t become a human.  Unless it was a magic golem with a mind.  You know, Yandel-ssi, the story of the Melt-eye statue.”
“The steel golem that guarded the royal palace during the Iron Wall Incident and was destroyed, right?”
“Yes, that’s right.  The Melt-eye is a prime example of a golem created by infusing it with a human soul.  Of course, golem creation using souls is now illegal, so no one dares to research it anymore.”
Oh, I didn’t know that.
“…Fine, so what’s your point?”
I asked directly, and Raven, flustered, summarized her point in a single sentence.
“It’s just… If such a metal existed back then, wouldn’t it have been possible to do what I just said?”
It was a disturbing story, yet it clung to my mind, refusing to leave.
Perhaps we’ve discovered a new material that might be useful in the future.
“Raven, study it carefully.  Think about how and where you can use it.”
“Yes.”
That was the end of our conversation.  As time passed, the story faded from my mind, and my interest in the new material dwindled.  But…
“Commander!”
A few days after that conversation.
I couldn’t help but stare blankly when I was woken up for an urgent report.
“Human!”
“……?”
“An unidentified group of humans was discovered near the mouth of the river!”
Why did the conversation I had with Raven come to mind first? 