## The Seventh Archive (2)
The temple, a destination reached after days and nights of tireless travel, was eerily silent.  It remained unchanged from my last visit, the temporary camp and cooking facilities undisturbed.  The only difference was the absence of people.
My heart thumped.  What had transpired here? There were no visible signs of battle, no trace of struggle.  A thick stew simmered in a pot, as if someone had been in the middle of preparing a meal.
"The door's open?"
I had only just noticed the temple's entrance, typically sealed, now wide open. Could this be connected to what happened?
As I cautiously approached the temple, a familiar voice called out from behind.
"Bjorn Jandel...!!"
"Hamsik?"
Before I could turn my head towards the source of the sound, Hamsik darted towards me.
"Why are you just arriving now? I thought I was going to die of fright...!"
It was the first time I had ever seen Hamsik so distressed. However, I had no time to calm him down and listen to his story.
"What happened here? What's going on?"
"I, I don't know! Suddenly there was a flash of light coming from the temple, and everyone, like they had lost their minds, stood up and went inside!"
"They went in of their own volition...?"
Could they have been under the influence of some charm or mind control spell?  It would explain why there was no sign of battle.
"Yes! They all had strange looks in their eyes, just swaying back and forth. Even if I was right next to them, it was like they couldn't see me!"
"Calm down, I understand. Just tell me everything."
"........."
"Anyway, were you alright in that situation?"
"Yes."
"And you didn't see any of the expedition members who came across the river with me?"
I asked calmly, trying to maintain composure. Hamsik, his voice somewhat calmer, replied.
"Oh... if you mean them, they entered the temple a few days ago. They were carried in by some strange flying object..."
A flying object? Could it be the drone-like contraptions I had seen before?
"And they were unconscious?"
"No, their eyes were open. It was like they were completely out of it, just like everyone else."
"...Crazy. What kind of range is that?"
"...What?"
"Nothing, I was just thinking out loud."
The source of this mind control was clearly the temple.  But how could its effect reach so far, all the way across the river?  I had been inside the bunker, protected by the dimensional barrier, but why was Hamsik alright?  Could it be because he is classified as a 'beast'?
I couldn't figure it out, but for now, I focused on gathering information from Hamsik.
"You didn't go inside the temple, so you don't know what's there, right?"
"I… well, I was waiting for you to come! I wasn't scared or anything!"
"Of course, you weren't scared."
"........."
Unfortunately, Hamsik was only a witness, not someone who had investigated the situation. Therefore, this was all the information I could get from him.
"I guess I'll have to find out for myself."
There was no other option than to see for myself.
***
「The character has entered the Seventh Archive.」
***
The interior of the temple was extremely simple. Immediately after passing through the open stone gate, I found stairs leading down.  A short descent revealed a heptagonal hall.  There were six stone gates on each side of the hall, except for the one I had entered through...
"All but one are closed."
"It’s… unnerving."
"What is that?"
In the center of the hall was a table-shaped structure. Or maybe it was an altar.  It had a stone-like appearance and feel, and there were seven rectangular grooves carved into it.
"It's obvious that something needs to be placed here, but I don't know what it is."
"I told you, it's unnerving."
"Oh, maybe you get rewards by unlocking each one?"
"Do you… not… hear… me? Is… this… happening…?"
Hamsik's anxious voice reached my ears as I was organizing my thoughts.  Normally, I would have pretended not to hear him and teased him about it, but with my companions abducted, I didn't have the luxury.
"I can hear you."
"Then why don't you answer me?"
"There’s nothing to say."
"...What?"
"You have to say something first."
"Oh..."
"Why are you so unnerved? Are you asking me to empathize with you?"
"No, I wasn't trying to... it's just..."
"Then that's all right. Just be quiet for a moment. I need to think."
Fortunately, Hamsik understood my words and stopped talking nonsense.  I could finally focus on organizing my thoughts.
"It's the perfect size..."
I immediately took out the Golden Book.  I had looted it from Hamsik's House, which becomes accessible after clearing the Library Island.  It's even mentioned in the Village Chief's Legend Notebook.
I carefully placed the Golden Book on top of one of the grooves, and it fit perfectly without any gaps.  
Could this be a coincidence?
"No way."
The words from the Chief's notebook flashed in my mind.
[The golden book will be of no use to you in achieving your goal.]
I interpreted that advice to mean that the Golden Book had nothing to do with 'escape'.  After all, my goal has always been to escape.
So why did this device appear while I was conquering Rainbow Island, the key to escape?
"Nothing's happening..."
"Of course, nothing's happening now. It looks like you need to fill all the slots before something happens."
"Oh..."
"Anyway, be quiet for a little while longer. I have more to think about."
I had obtained this Golden Book after clearing Library Island.  
Where could the rest be?
"Perhaps it's simple. One book is obtained after clearing each island..."
Library Island, Gate Island, Tree Island, Giant Island, Chief Island, Rock Island, and Rainbow Island, where I am now...
Even the number of islands in this layer matches the number of grooves - seven.
Of course, this hypothesis isn't without flaws.
Gate Island.
The island filled with Guardian Statues, and where the Rift opened in the end.
I had cleared that island, but I couldn't find the Golden Book in the reward room, which reminded me of Hamsik's House. 
"Well, maybe that's because I didn't see the true ending..."
What about Rock Island and Chief Island?
Giant Island had the giant, but Rock Island and Chief Island, where I had started, didn't have any obvious objectives to clear.
"The Chief is already dead, so it wouldn't be related to clearing..."
No matter how hard I thought, a clear answer didn't come to me, and my anxiety grew with every failed attempt. 
I needed to stop agonizing.
I returned the Golden Book to my subspace inventory and approached the sealed stone gates, taking a closer look.
"How can I open the rest of these?"
I couldn't grasp it yet, but I decided it was too early to worry about it.  
After all, there’s one gate already open, isn’t there?
I’d find clues as I progressed.  The solution to rescuing my companions, abducted by the temple, surely lies beyond.
"Come on, Hamsik."
With that in mind, I decided to stop wasting time and approached the open gate. 
Beyond the gate was a smooth, shimmering barrier, blocking my view of the interior.  It wasn’t a portal, but more like an air curtain.
I carefully reached out my hand, feeling a soft, squishy sensation as it passed through. It was similar to dipping my hand in water, but I didn’t feel wet. It was slightly rough, but I had no choice but to enter, so I bravely stepped forward.
My toes touched the ground with a thud, revealing an unfamiliar scene.
"A prison...?"
I had arrived at a prison.  But it wasn't like the underground prison beneath the Adventurers Guild, it was more like a modern prison.  Or, rather, should I say, a prison of the future?
Droning sounds filled the air as drones patrolled the corridor where guards would walk.  In the middle of the hall was a large wolf made of mechanical parts, sleeping peacefully.  
Various beasts with glazed eyes were being led somewhere by the drones.
"...Can they not see me?"
It was as if I were invisible.  Drones, beasts, and even the mechanical wolf ignored me, going about their business.
"What… what is this place…?"
"They wouldn't know it's me anyway."
I turned back and checked the wall.  The shimmering barrier, allowing free passage, was attached to the wall.  
I reached out my hand. 
Okay, I can still pass through it.
At least I had secured a way to retreat if necessary.
"Bjorn Jandel..."
Hamsik called out to me, perched on my shoulder.
Was he about to panic again?  I thought about ignoring him, but...
"This place... feels familiar."
It was not something I could ignore.
"Maybe it’s a place I’ve been before… before I lost my memories."
"What...?"
"Be quiet, I'm thinking."
Was this karma?  
"Okay."
I kept my mouth shut to avoid distracting Hamsik, but continued to explore the surroundings.  Hurrying wouldn’t change anything.  
He’ll let me know if he remembers something.
I walked around, taking in my surroundings.  But I realized I had been mistaken.  
The drones, the mechanical wolf, and the glazed-eyed beasts.  
They were all ignoring me, making me think I had become invisible.  But...
"They can see me, but they don’t care."
The drones, which flew away when I approached before, now briefly paused and focused their lens on me, before losing interest and continuing on their patrol.
"Ugh... it's easier just to fight."
If they had all attacked me from the start, I wouldn't be worrying about this. 
…Is that a barbaric thought?
"Never mind. Let’s follow them."
Carrying Hamsik, who was deep in thought, I followed the beasts, who were lined up and being led by drones.
"Hey, go down there."
Suddenly, Hamsik tapped my shoulder.
"What, now?"
"Hurry!"
It was a sudden suggestion, but I followed his instructions and left the line, taking the stairs next to me down.
After a while...
"This is it."
Hamsik stopped me as we descended the stairs, similar to an emergency exit. 
"Look closely at the wall."
It wasn't a playful tone, so I did as he instructed.  
What was this?
I felt a small, hidden groove as I touched the wall. I took out my dagger, inserted it into the groove, and applied pressure.  The tile attached to the wall fell off.
And...
"It’s really here…."
In the space behind the tile, I found a mysterious card. 
It wasn’t made of plastic like the cards we use in the modern world, but a metal card with a decent weight. 
"...What is this?"
"...I don't know, me neither."
"You told me to look, and you don’t know?"
"I only remember fragments of my memories. At some point… I hid this here."
Hamsik only said that it must have been an important object to him, but he couldn't even remember its purpose.
"...Alright."
I put the card in my subspace inventory, put the tile back in place, and left.
"Where do we go now?"
"Down, down… There’s something down there. I was always going down."
"........."
Hamsik seemed to know something, so I stopped asking and continued down the stairs.
And then...
"There’s no path going down anymore."
"Then it must be here."
Reaching the end of the stairs, I cautiously opened the door and entered. 
Fortunately, it wasn’t locked...
"........."
What lay beyond the door was completely different from the prison on the surface.  
It was a dome-shaped space reminiscent of a football stadium.  But I immediately thought of a factory, looking at this open space. 
A beast, riding on a rail, was moving and then stopped.
And...
A flash of light erupted from the mechanical device above its head, and the beast vanished.  
Instead, a magic stone lay there.
The rail resumed its movement, carrying the magic stone to a box at the end of the rail.
When the box was full...
The box itself was placed on another rail and moved somewhere.  
But I couldn’t see where it went.
"Hey! Over there! Look!"
I turned my head towards Hamsik's shout, and froze.
The familiar face was on the moving rail.
"...Raven?"
Raven was standing on the rail, dazed, moving towards…
…the device that transforms beasts into magic stones.