## Chapter 616: Homunculus (3)
A device that turns monsters into gemstones. What would happen if a human entered that device? I don't have the data yet. But…
Thud-!
I lunged forward, propelling myself from the ground the moment I saw Raven. The fact that Raven, who had been abducted, stood on that rail was a testament to the device's true nature. It didn't just turn monsters into gemstones.
Zzzzt-
Pulling Raven off the moving rail wasn't particularly difficult. Luckily, there was no restraining device. I simply grabbed her by the waist and pulled her down. But…
“Raven! Raven! Wake up!”
Despite shaking her shoulders, she only stared blankly into space, unresponsive.
Thump, thump.
Even after slapping her face with my thick hands, nothing changed.
“Ugh…”
What, did it work?
Seeing her groan as if in a sleepwalking daze, I hit her face with more force.
Smack, smack.
“Ugh…”
Whack-! Whack-!
“Stop…”
Raven, seemingly recovering, uttered a complete word in a low voice. Perhaps the condition for waking from this state of enchantment was receiving a certain amount of damage. With that thought, I doubled down.
“Raven! Raven! Wake up!”
Whack-! Whack-!
“Stop…”
Whack-! Boom-!
“St… Stop… I…!”
“…You're awake!”
My efforts paid off. Raven's pupils began to regain their usual intelligence.
“Are you okay? How's your body? Can you move? Anything strange? Where are the others? Ah, do you want some water?”
“…Water.”
“Ah, here you go. Drink slowly. I’ll tilt it for you.”
I held the water bottle to her lips, like feeding a baby with a bottle, and Raven finally regained her senses completely.
“…Thank you. For saving me.”
“Thank you? It’s my duty.”
“My jaw is sore, but my mind is clear now.”
“As the saying goes, a good beating does wonders.”
“A bitter cure, but effective nonetheless.”
Okay, she’s back to joking, so she seems completely fine…
“So, what happened?”
“…It was something related to mind control. Soon after Mr. Yandel entered the device, we all suddenly lost consciousness.”
“So, you don't remember anything?”
“No, not entirely. We weren’t completely unconscious…”
Raven, who remembered the events vaguely like a dream, began to explain slowly.
“I felt like I was being controlled by something, as if I was completely drunk.”
The moment I touched the strange rock and lost consciousness.
Raven and the others, also unconscious, simply stood there, limp, with the other team members.
Then, at some point, flying objects descended from the sky. They transported us across the river and to the temple.
“After that, I felt like I was constantly waiting. We all gathered in one place, and one by one, people were taken away. And now it was my turn… ”
“One by one.”
“…Yes?”
“You said people were taken away one by one…?”
My heart sank. However, Raven seemed unaware of the reason for my sudden shift in expression.
“Huu… It’s faster to see it for yourself.”
I headed towards the place where the rail Raven was on was heading. In other words, where the device that turned monsters into gemstones was located.
Flash-!
Monsters transforming into fist-sized gemstones, bathing in a flash of light.
“Th… This is… ”
Raven’s face turned white, realizing she would have passed that very spot if I had been even slightly slower. Perhaps she also understood the reason behind my grim expression?
“So, those who were taken away first… ”
Raven couldn’t finish her sentence, as if afraid to jinx it.
It was time to face the truth.
“Raven, how many… were taken away?”
“I don’t know for sure… but more than ten.”
“Who were they…?”
Raven, frowning as if trying to squeeze out the memory, called out names one by one. Then, she suddenly fell silent at a certain point.
Thump-!
My heart lurched. My subconscious, having experienced countless misfortunes, had already figured it out. Why Raven fell silent.
“…Tell me. Who was it?”
Raven’s small lips parted, confirming my worst fear.
“Miss Emily Raines…”
Damn it. 
***
My heart pounded. Surely the heart is an organ responsible for distributing blood throughout the body, but it felt like all the blood was rushing to my head.
“It was right before me… ”
In short, it’s too late. 
I forced myself to remain calm, but there were still more questions to ask. Yes, Amelia being lost is still not confirmed. 
“Where… are the remaining members?”
“I don’t know for sure. I don’t remember everything… except that it was a large rectangular space… ”
I had decided to rescue the remaining members immediately, but unfortunately, Raven didn’t know the way to that place.
‘I’ll have to search the entire building… ’
The issue was this rail. If it kept running, casualties would continue to occur while I was searching.
So, I…
Kwaaaang-!
I swung my hammer down on the rail.
Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle-!
The rail, shattered by the physical impact, creaked and stopped working. 
And at the same time.
Beep-! Beep-! Beep-!
An alarm-like sound blared, and drones rushed towards us.  Have they stopped treating me like an invisible Barbarian and decided to be hostile? But for some reason, they simply passed me and stopped in front of the damaged rail. 
“They… seem to be trying to fix it?”
“…”
“What are you going to do?”
“Leave it for now.”
I had a feeling that destroying those drones would be a waste of time. They would just send more from somewhere to fix it. 
‘It’s better to find out how long it takes them to fix it.’
“Raven, follow me.”
“Where are we going?”
“We need to figure out what kind of place this is.”
I led Raven along the stopped rail for a long time. Eventually, we came across another rail, functioning perfectly, transporting boxes filled with gemstones to somewhere. 
“But… why don’t we just stay here and wait? The others will come eventually, even without destroying the rail?”
“…”
“You didn’t think about it, huh?”
It’s not easy to stay calm, no matter how hard I try. Everyone has their vulnerabilities. 
“Okay, keep a close eye on your surroundings. We might be able to find a way to rescue those who were taken away first.”
“Yes…”
Following the rail transporting the boxes, we arrived at the place where the gemstone boxes were gathered.  Three unknown mechanical devices were set up.  Hooks, like those you see in claw machines, were connected to the ceiling, transferring the gemstones to the mechanical devices. 
Thump, roll.
As the gemstone rolled into the intake, something hanging from the ceiling emitted light.  When the light subsided, something had been generated beyond a transparent glass panel in the center.
“…”
It was a monster.  A monstrosity combining features of goblins, orcs, and ghouls.  A creature unlike anything I had ever seen in the labyrinth.
“What… is it? That thing…”
“We’ll figure it out as we go.”
The monster generated by the mechanical device got back on the newly activated rail and moved somewhere. We cautiously followed behind.
We finally understood the structure of this factory. 
Flash-!
The generated monster rode the rail, entered the device, and turned back into gemstones.  But it wasn’t one gemstone. It was three. 
Flash-!
The three divided gemstones passed through the mechanical device once more, reborn as goblins, orcs, and ghouls…
‘What in the world are they doing?’
After completing all the processes, the monsters were under the control of drones, ascended to the upper floor, and imprisoned in a cell.
“Is… this all a continuous loop?”
“…Seems so.”
This place is even more confusing than when I knew nothing about it. What is this place? What is the purpose of this endless, meaningless cycle? 
But I felt a little reassured.
“If this is the case… everyone might be safe?”
“…Let’s hope so.”
“Anyway, the repair is almost done.”
When we went back down to the underground level, the badly damaged rail was partially restored. So, I thought about destroying it again, but…
“Do it my way, okay? We still don’t know where the others are imprisoned, right?”
I decided to hold off on destroying the rail, following Raven’s advice. 
“I’ll stay here and rescue the people.  Mr. Yandel, you go around and search. Isn’t that more logical?”
It was definitely safer, considering what might happen next.  It would allow us to rescue more of our comrades, even if we couldn’t find the location where they’re imprisoned.
But I wasn’t completely free of anxiety.
“It seems fine now, but what if something dangerous happens while I’m gone?”
“That’s true, but…”
“I’ll stay with you.  Once we wake up another ten people, I’ll be okay even if I’m not here.”
“Ah… maybe that’s better.”
After coming to that decision, we stayed near the rail, waiting for our comrades to appear. 
One hour, two hours, three hours…
As we waited endlessly, we continued to exchange ideas.
“Did Mr. Yandel also lose consciousness when he held that rock?”
“Yeah. And when I woke up, the rock was gone, and ten days had passed.”
“Did you feel any abnormalities in your body?”
“Not yet.”
Raven’s expression turned serious after hearing my story, but she couldn't offer any advice.
“Do you know what that rock is?”
“No. I don’t know either. But…”
“But?”
Raven hesitated before answering my question.
“Do you know what a Homunculus is?”
“Of course I do. It’s an 8th-grade monster.”
Their most common habitat is the 3rd-floor Witch’s Forest, but they pop up in other unexpected places, so I’ve often caught them.
But Raven shook her head at my answer.
“What I meant was, do you know what a Homunculus is in alchemy?”
“I don’t know anything about that.”
“A Homunculus in alchemy refers to an artificial life form… or, to be precise, an artificially created ‘human.’”
“Right… the Homunculus I met in the Witch’s Forest did resemble a human, but…”
“It resembles a human only in form. It’s probably closer to slime than humans, genetically speaking, since its skin constantly drips off as it walks.”
“Anyway, what’s your point?”
“Nothing much, just suddenly having some doubts about ‘gemstones’ themselves. We saw monsters turn into gemstones and gemstones turn back into monsters, right?”
“So what?”
“It just crossed my mind. If the Philosopher’s Stone from legends actually exists, wouldn’t it have very similar properties to gemstones?”
I asked what she meant, only to hear a typical mage’s fantasy.
Well, maybe it’s not just fantasy.
‘Gemstones…’
The feeling of feathers fluttering in my mind, elusive yet tantalizing. Then,
“Uh…?”
Raven opened her eyes wide, staring at a certain spot.
I looked in that direction to see a comrade getting off the rail. A loyal knight who had been with us during the Ice Rock expedition.
“It’s Sir Meland Kaislan!”
I ran over to the rail the moment I saw him and pulled him off. 
I was about to slap him awake, but…
“Hold on!”
Raven stopped me, pulling an object from her subspace.
It’s called…
“The Crown of Agony?”
“Yes. I thought this might help him regain consciousness.”
Hmm, it’s definitely possible…
“But, there’s already a tested method.”
“That’s true, but my mouth is still numb from hitting him.”
“Ah…”
No wonder her cheeks were puffy.
I nodded, signaling that she could do it, and Raven carefully placed the crown on his head.
A short while later…
“Ugh…”
Kaislan regained consciousness.