## Chapter 617: Homunculus (4)
“Here… this is…”
“Kaislan, are you regaining consciousness?”
The fellow, regaining his senses, still wore a dazed expression, as if he were caught in a dream.  In the end, he was slapped awake by me.
“Ah…!”
Yes, this is quite effective in various ways.
“Yandel…! I’m relieved you’re safe!”
To be honest, Kaislan’s relief at seeing me alive and well was rather touching. However…
“It’s the Commander.”
“Hee hee, Commander. I’m relieved you’re safe.”
“Can you stand?”
After exchanging a few words, I helped Kaislan to his feet. I shared the information I had gathered so far and inquired if he had any new information.
“… I don’t know. Unlike Raven, I don’t recall anything.”
“Do you tend to forget the previous day when you drink?”
“… No, I don’t.  I’m not particularly fond of alcohol.”
“Well, I suppose the presence or absence of memories varies from person to person.”
“No. It might be because of the distance. Kaislan, unlike me, was staying near the temple where the main force was stationed when the incident occurred.”
“Well, perhaps that is the reason.”
Everything is still just a hypothesis, so we need more samples. In that sense, we continued to watch over the front of the rails like gatekeepers, waking up our comrades as they appeared. 
Thanks to this, we learned something.
“Hmm… you have vague memories? You must have been near the temple then.”
It seems the presence or absence of memory has nothing to do with distance, but rather individual differences.  After all, some people remember dreams they had while sleeping vividly, while others don’t. I belong to the latter category.  According to my comrades, I grind my teeth and talk in my sleep, but I don’t remember anything when I wake up.
“… The prison where we were held, right?”
“That… I don’t remember. I’m sorry.”
Unfortunately, even those who vaguely recalled the memories couldn’t remember where they were imprisoned.  Therefore…
“It seems safe enough without me.”
Once we had rescued over ten people and had at least a minimal number of troops, I announced my plan to the others to explore alone.
“Commander, it would be better if we moved together after waiting a bit.”
Kaislan expressed his concern, but we couldn’t afford to waste any more time. I might not have shown it, but my heart was burning black in this moment.
“Besides, the scout leader who went ahead might be fine, too—.”
“Might be.  It’s a possibility.”
“…?”
“I don’t want to simply hope and wait here, expecting everything to be fine while I’m gone.”
“… I spoke out of turn.”
“No, it’s okay. Take good care of this place while I’m gone.”
When I smiled and clapped him on the shoulder, Kaislan grinned back and saluted.
“I obey.”
Is it because he’s a soldier? Even when it’s clearly a joke, he takes it seriously.
“Raven.”
“Yes, what is it?”
“Once we get more troops, even if it’s just for a little while, investigate the surroundings.  Oh, I’m not saying you have to force yourself if the situation isn’t right…”
“Ha, I get it. I know what you mean.”
“I’ll say it anyway.  Your safety is the top priority, more important than any investigation. Got it?”
“Yes, so please be careful.”
Well, I’ve made it clear, so I’m sure she won’t overexert herself.
After exchanging a glance with Kaislan, who is always a reliable junior, I left this damned factory. 
***
Every second counts. 
Despite thinking this, I never moved hastily.  Remembering the Korean proverb, “Haste makes waste,” I began by understanding the building structure.
“The factory is operating at the lowest level, and there are four staircases leading down here.”
However, there are other ways to get down besides the stairs. This building has hundreds of rails, starting from somewhere unknown, and all of those hundreds of rails are connected to the rails of this underground factory. 
So, I thought about retracing those rails one by one…
“This won’t do.”
After trying to retrace one rail and seeing it split into dozens more, I gave up on this method. It was much more efficient to search the entire building.
Therefore, starting from the underground factory, I climbed up floor by floor and created a map.
“It’s not here.”
Even after completing 100% of the map, I couldn’t find the room where my comrades were imprisoned. 
However, I wasn’t discouraged.  It couldn’t possibly be gone. It is more likely that there is a hidden room that isn’t on the map, and this room can’t be found through such simple means.
“Should I just go back into the rails and retrace them one by one now?”
This thought crossed my mind, but I shook my head.  
I didn’t think I could find a room that was intentionally hidden through such methods.
Therefore, there was only one thing left for me to do.
“Hamsik, do you remember anything?”
[… I’ll let you know if I do.]
Something hidden. In other words, I need to find the hidden piece.  Just like how I got that strange iron card by tearing off a tile on the stairs, relying on Hamsik’s memory.  
If I search carefully, I’m sure I’ll find something.
“I’m sure there’s a way to use this card somewhere.”
With that thought, I was carefully examining the entire building when…
Thump, thump.
Someone tapped my shoulder from behind while I was kneeling down and searching the lower area.
“I finally found you, Yandel.”
I was startled since I didn’t feel any presence.  I turned my head, and an unexpected person stood there.
“… Amelia?”
“Whether it’s outside or inside, I told you to call me Emily.”
Her nonchalant words made all the strength drain from my body.
“Hah… ”
She’s safe.
***
“What happened? How are you? Are you alright? Did you also turn into that ore…?”
“Calm down.  I’ll explain everything.”
“Ah, okay.”
Once I calmed down and entered listening mode, Amelia started to recount what had happened.
“Unlike the others, I was able to regain consciousness in the middle.”
“What? How in the world?”
“Well, I don’t know.  Maybe one of my Essences can resist this type of attack.”
I know more about Amelia than Amelia herself.  Amelia doesn’t have any mental resistance Essences.  But, if I had to pick one…
“The most likely reason is the Twin Hydra’s [Dual Dominion].”
[Dual Dominion] is a passive that splits your consciousness in two. In the game, it had the effect of granting a higher-level AI to the target and increasing skill performance when combined with skills like [Self-Replication].
“Maybe it has a different effect I don’t know about.”
[Dungeon and Stone] sometimes had those kind of things.  Oh? This skill can block that one?  You can’t predict it just by reading the description, you have to experience it yourself. These are the high-level information you had to discover through experience.
Anyway, that’s not important.
“Can I continue?”
“Ah, uh… go ahead.”
When Amelia regained consciousness, she was on top of a rail.  She was being transported somewhere, and she escaped by retracing the rail.  She searched the building alone.
As she did, she naturally discovered the factory below.
“Fortunately, a few people had already regained consciousness.”
That was after I had awakened Raven and Kaislan.  So, after receiving the information, she followed me.
My tension eased once more, and my legs felt weak.  I held onto Amelia’s shoulder for support and said,
“I’m so glad. You’re safe…”
To my words, Amelia just stared back at me, not replying.  I slowly removed my hand from her shoulder.  
Or, rather, I tried to.
Thump.
Amelia’s hand gently overlapped mine, which had been holding her shoulder.  Small and delicate, yet her hands were calloused.
Thump, thump.
As if to comfort and soothe me, Amelia tapped my hand lightly before grabbing my hand firmly.  And then…
One second, two seconds, three seconds.  
Time flew by, and my mind cleared instantly.
‘What is this…’
Something feels weird.  This is like a couple that’s getting along well.  
Ever since what happened with Misha, I had resolved to treat my comrades purely as comrades.  This atmosphere felt extremely awkward.
I quickly pulled my hand back.
‘Is she… not bothered at all?’
Amelia’s expression remained unchanged.  She just looked up at me in the same posture as before… 
Puk-!
She punched me right in the chest.
“… Why?”
I was more surprised by the sudden attack than the pain, but I couldn’t even dare to argue when Amelia continued to speak.
“I told you to wait.”
“…?”
“You said you’d be back quickly, but you went straight in, ignoring my words.  This is your punishment.”
Ah…
This girl really can’t live with a debt.
“Ahem… anyway, I’m glad!  I’m so glad! I was so worried that you might have turned into that ore.”
As I changed the subject, Amelia seemed to think it wasn’t a good time for nagging, so she readily accepted.
“I heard about the ore.  It’s a very peculiar place.”
“… I guess so.  Oh, but you said you searched the building too, right? Did you find anything?”
“I did.  About three things.”
“You did?  Three things?”
As I urged her to tell me, Amelia smirked and said,
“One is a door to escape from here.  It wasn’t like a portal, but if you went through that door, you’d end up outside the temple.”
“That’s the place where I came in to find you all.  So, what’s the second one?”
“The second one is this staircase area.  There was a small recess, so I looked, and there was an empty space in the wall.  It was big enough to hide a small item, but unfortunately, there was nothing inside.”
Ah, that’s it.
But how did she find that?
I only found it because Hamsik told me.  Did she just discover it with her sharp eyes?
“What is that look?  Do you know something?”
“I do. I found that before.”
“… You did?”
I showed Amelia the item I had found inside the wall, which surprised her a bit.
“Indeed…  This was supposed to be here?”
Amelia seemed to understand something when she saw the card.
“Do you happen to know its purpose?”
“I’m not sure yet.”
“What is it?  Tell me quickly.”
“It’s related to the third thing I was going to tell you. I found a hidden door, but I couldn’t find a way to open it.”
“Do you think this might be the key?”
“If my guess is right.  There was a groove next to the hidden door, and this item is the perfect size to fit in.”
“Hmm, I see.”
It didn’t matter whether this was the key or not.  After all, we could try it out ourselves.
“Where is it?  Let’s go quickly.”
I followed Amelia to the top floor of the building, which was an empty hall.  I had been here when I made the map, but I hadn’t found anything then.  However…
“This seam on the wall is unnatural right here.”
Even though Amelia pointed to the wall and explained it to me, I didn’t understand.  
What’s unnatural about this?
“This is how they usually hide secret doors. It’s not common to have the seam surface hidden this way.”
“Is that right?”
“More importantly, there’s also a groove here in front.  That’s how I knew there was a door.”
As Amelia said, there was a small gap in the wall where this card could fit.  I hadn’t noticed it while searching alone, and even if I had, I would have just passed it by.  It was so thin.
“Then… should we insert it?”
Amelia nodded slightly to my cautious question.
After exchanging a glance, I immediately inserted the card into the hole.
Clack.
Like inserting a card into a vending machine, something caught at the end.  And then…
“What? Nothing is happen—.”
“Step back, Yandel.”
Drrrruuuuk-!
After a brief pause, the wall caved in, revealing a secret passageway.
“… It was real.”
We exchanged another glance, and cautiously stepped into the passageway.