## The Return of the King (2) 
"What's the price?" I asked.
There's no such thing as a free lunch in this world, and the sweeter the offer, the more treacherous the conditions.  This, however, seemed a little ambiguous.
"The price is that you never return to this place."
It was a demand I couldn't fully grasp, so I needed more information.
"Never return? What exactly does that mean?"
"Don't you understand? It's a simple statement with no room for misinterpretation."
Does this guy even understand the flow of a conversation?
"I'm asking why you're placing such a condition on me."
"This is a beneficial proposition for you. Why does the reason matter?"
"How can you be so sure it's only beneficial?"
As if needing to load, the Curator paused before answering.
"I understand. You're cautious because you don't know how my proposal will affect your future."
"Well, I don't know anything about you."
"Would you accept my offer if I told you about myself?"
"It depends on who you are."
Before I could finish, the Curator continued.
"Then let me tell you about myself. In the past, I was the head of the Pantelion Research Institute, and I committed many sins. But I eventually repented and received forgiveness from the Witch. Since then, I've become a completely different person. I can't lie, and I've developed a kind nature, always considerate of others."
"..."
"I can't tell you the details right now, but the request that you never return to this place was also for your own good."
"Are you playing games with me?"
I couldn't hide the disbelief on my face, and the Curator replied as if he'd expected it.
"You see, it's pointless to tell you, isn't it?"
"No, it's just that you weren't planning on telling me—."
"If I'd told you a more plausible story."
The Curator cut me off.
"Would you have believed it all then?"
Overwhelmed by his nonchalant tone, I was speechless. It was a direct hit to the core of my being.
"The only way to obtain truth through others is to believe. Therefore, it's a waste of time for me to explain myself to you."
"..."
"That's why I called it a deal. Does it matter who I am? You only need to decide whether or not to accept my offer. It's much more efficient."
"Ugh, this is ridiculous..."
I had so much to say, but I couldn't form a coherent response. Still, I tried my best to gather my thoughts.
"I wanted to know about you so I could decide whether or not to believe you."
"Then that's strange. Didn't you just say you wouldn't believe anything I say?"
"No, well... nothing in this world is 100%, right? I just thought I'd hear you out first, and then—."
"Then you can make your decision now. My story ends with what I just told you. What will you do?"
Ugh... I thought this guy was somewhat reasonable.
I couldn't reach through the screen and smack him.
'What a stubborn ass!'
Or maybe it wasn't stubbornness but strategy.
He's probably adopted some weird persona and deliberately changing the subject to divert attention.
"If you find it difficult to decide, I'll give you one more piece of information. Of course, it's up to you to decide whether or not to believe it."
"..."
"Will you listen?"
I felt like I should say no, but it was hard to refuse given my nature.
Besides, I was curious.
It's always better to gather as much information as possible, as it can help with decision-making.
"...Tell me."
I sighed in resignation, and the Curator, as if he'd been waiting, unveiled his new information.
"If you don't leave this place within six months, you'll be in great trouble. He'll be here soon."
"He?"
"It doesn't matter if you leave before then. If you don't, it means you rejected my offer, so I wouldn't have any reason to tell you."
Ugh, what is this guy?
It's always best to avoid people like him, and if you have to deal with them, it's best to beat them up first and then have a conversation.
It's driving me crazy because I can't use that option.
"Then tell me this, at least. You said you'll be in great trouble. How bad is it going to be?"
"You'll probably survive. But I doubt there will be many people left by your side."
"So, you're saying about five people."
"That's my estimate, so there's bound to be some margin of error."
In modern warfare, losing 30% of your forces is considered a complete annihilation. It's a truly devastating loss.
But more importantly, I'm not the same person I used to be.
Back then, I was happy to protect just one finger. But now, I need all five fingers, and even those aren't enough.
"So, will you believe what I just said?"
"I'm considering it."
"I hope I've had a positive influence on your decision."
"..."
"It's still a difficult decision—."
"Give me some time to think. Quiet down!"
"[...]"
Finally, silence.
***
In a way, the Curator's words made sense.
When you're making a deal with someone you've just met in an unfamiliar place, their identity isn't that important.
What they can offer you.
And what you need to give them.
If these two things align, the deal is made.
Of course, if there's reason to trust the other party, you can make the deal with greater peace of mind...
'But the way he talks, he's never going to tell me anything about himself.'
Of course, I could reject his offer and try to get a reaction out of him.
But I decided to save that as a last resort.
"The goods."
I broke the long silence.
"I don't care about your story, but I need to know more about the goods."
"[...] The goods?"
"What do you mean by helping us leave this place?"
"Ah, you're talking about that."
"You don't have to tell me everything in detail, but give me a general idea. I need to make a decision."
"A reasonable request."
The Curator didn't hesitate to answer my question.
"At this point in time, you've already found the door, so I won't bother mentioning it. If you accept my offer, I'll grant you the qualifications immediately. You'll be able to open the door."
"Qualifications... I thought there were other ways to get them?"
"That's not a wrong guess. If someone proves their qualifications, it's my duty to grant them. That's how it is."
"So, you're saying I can leave without making a deal with you?"
"Theoretically, yes. In fact, you're capable enough to prove your qualifications. However..."
The Curator paused and continued.
"It will take a very long time. And as I said before, time is not on your side."
It's a classic case of going in circles, returning to the same threat of whether it's truth or a lie.
Despite my frustration, I kept the conversation going.
"But can you just grant qualifications like that? You said you need to prove them."
"Granting qualifications is my right. And it's my duty to grant them when someone proves their qualifications. There's no contradiction there."
It sounds like some strange logic, but I couldn't argue with him when he says it's true.
"Alright, do you have enough information now to make a decision?"
"Just one more thing."
"Ask away."
After receiving permission, I hesitated for a moment, not sure how to phrase my question. Finally, I said,
"Do... don't you worry? You know, about me breaking my promise."
"Your sentence is incomplete."
"I mean, about me not keeping my promise later. Of course, I'm not saying I'm going to do that. I'm a Barbarian, and I value promises more than anything. Really, you can trust me."
I added a postscript to avoid any misunderstanding, but the Curator seemed unconcerned, as if he had no worries.
He simply said,
"Oh, I didn't mention that."
"That? What are you talking about?"
"Once you make your promise and receive the qualification, you'll never be able to return to this place. That's not figurative language; I mean it literally. Of course, if you don't make a promise, I can't force you. But it's just how it is."
It was an explanation I hadn't expected.
'Aha... I knew it...'
To be honest, I was wondering what he was relying on when he made a 'promise' a condition of the deal.
Perhaps the promise was just a pretext, and his real goal was to grant me qualifications in the first place.
'This is giving me a headache again.'
Frankly, everything happened so suddenly.
Initially, I came here to stop the rail, but this strange guy suddenly appeared on the screen, making weird statements and proposing a deal.
I need some time to clear my head. I don't even know what to trust and what to doubt.
"Can I just take a few days to think about it? Is that alright?"
"Of course. I'll always be here."
Surprisingly, the Curator was cool about it, putting the deal on hold.
I was about to leave the control room when he spoke again.
"And one more thing."
The light on the screen flickered, as if it were giving a sly smile.
"If you do accept my offer, I don't recommend leaving right away."
"Why are you bringing this up now?"
"It's not a trick or anything. I'm saying this for your own good. You know this place, don't you? You know what kind of place this is."
I had a pretty good idea what he was trying to say.
"You're safe as long as you leave within six months. So, get as much as you can. You won't be able to come back."
"..."
"Choose wisely."
Not being able to return to the lower floor would be a huge loss.
"While we're at it, I might as well ask one more question. Where are my kidnapped companions being held?"
"You have to find them yourself. If you want to prove your qualifications, that's your first step. Don't worry too much, though. Considering your current situation, you'll be able to find them quickly."
I felt like I'd done a lot, but I hadn't actually gained anything.
***
After my conversation with the Curator, I returned to the underground factory.
First, I quietly called Amelia and Raven aside to share what had just happened.
I didn't necessarily distrust Misha, Erwin, or Ainar, but... to be honest, they're not really helpful in situations like this.
'Bersil doesn't even know I'm a player.'
When I explained what happened in the control room, their reactions were similar.
Their reasons for reacting that way, however, were different.
"Absolutely not. This guy's clearly hiding something sinister. You don't know what this Curator is plotting behind your back."
"I disagree, too. Even if his offer is true, we still have so much left to explore, right? But if we go outside, we can't come back.  We'll make all these amazing discoveries, only for other explorers to reap the benefits!"
To be honest, these were both things I'd considered myself.
But I can't shake the Curator's words.
"You'll probably survive. But I doubt there will be many people left by your side."
I don't know if his warning is true or not.
But for some reason, the more I think about it, the tighter my chest feels.
Is it a bad feeling? Maybe it's just that.
Perhaps that's why I felt the need to explain myself to them, despite their negative opinions.
"Amelia, if his words are true, we could be in even greater danger. And Raven, we're not going to be able to easily get back in once we go out. The royal family is blocking explorer entry."
Raven argued that it was probably a temporary measure, but I thought...
My gut tells me the royal family would never do that.
There's something much bigger hidden in this lower floor.
That's why it's so difficult to decide.
"Thanks for sharing your thoughts with me. I'll think about this a little more."
"Just call us whenever you need anything."
"Same goes for you. You always try to do everything yourself. Well... you've improved a lot today."
Anyway, that concluded the first round of discussion.
After that, we resumed our search for the rail, just like before. When we had time, we conducted various experiments.
If we could earn qualifications on our own, that would be best.
Didn't the Curator say it himself?
"Get as much as you can."
The lower floor I had seen and experienced was a land of opportunity.
The Library Island, the Stone Gate Island, no, all the islands where the magic stones scatter after the rain, all those places were beyond incredible...
And the research institute was no different.
Or rather,
Bang-!
Located in the center of the institute's underground factory.
This very machine that creates a monster with the characteristics of three different monsters when you insert three magic stones.
'This machine is what I'd call a jackpot.'
Of course, the monsters created by this machine are not treated as new monsters. They don't give experience points or anything like that.
But...
"Essence..."
When you defeat a created monster, there's an extremely low chance of getting an essence, much lower than a normal monster.
To put it simply,
"...Wait a minute. This essence actually has the characteristics of all three monsters?"
We can create customized essences.