## The Day We Returned (3)
A synthetic beast created by inserting magic stones into a device. And the tailored essence that could be obtained by defeating that synthetic beast. We discovered only one characteristic of this essence.
*  The magic stone inserted into Device A is responsible for the stat portion of the tailored essence.
*  Device B handles the passive skills.
*  Device C takes care of the active skills.
Oh, for reference, this information was gleaned through exhaustive research, even involving feeding the essence directly to our exploration team members after they descended to the first underground floor, with each member gaining a level in the process.
Unlike the fixed base stats and passive skills, the active skills were uncertain. As a result, the essence color was determined based on the active skills.
“So... this is a goblin's stats, a troll's embodiment ability, and since it's blue, it must have the Steel Hill Chaser's [Terrain Eruption].”
Raven, who meticulously observed and recorded every summoning, immediately briefed us on the essence details as soon as it dropped. Without waiting for my permission, she poured the essence into a test tube and labeled it.
What was there to debate anyway? None of our team members would even dare consider consuming this essence. After all, we were already short-staffed, and those who were awake were busy experimenting, depleting their essence slots. They'll probably have to delete some essences once they get out.
“Alright, let's resume the search!”
We had conducted our research by summoning creatures whenever we had the chance, but this was the last one. We focused on finding our comrades who were trapped somewhere in the rail maze.
Tailored essence. A tempting discovery for any explorer, but finding our comrades was paramount before we could properly farm these tailored essences. There were several reasons besides our worry for them.
‘We can't do it with the current team.’
These synthetic beasts were extremely difficult to hunt. They weren't just as powerful as the essences they dropped, after all. They possessed a base stat that seemed like a combination of all three creatures' stats. They had all three creatures' passives and even all their active skills.
Naturally, a synthetic beast created by combining three Grade 9 monsters was much stronger than a regular Grade 9. There might be some variance depending on the synergistic combinations.
‘In general, they're two levels higher than the average grade.’
Depending on the synergy, they could even be three or four levels higher. Of course, the essence obtained from these synergistic combinations would be far more valuable.
‘... This is such a shame.’
We were so enthralled by this incredible discovery of tailored essence that we were tempted to abandon our search and delve into research, but those penalties calmed us down a little. It was a jackpot, but not the kind that would let us coast through life.
‘I don't think even three Grade 1 monsters could open the Abyssal Gate, even with their combined strength.’
In my opinion, even with all our team members present, we wouldn't be able to defeat a Grade 2 synthetic beast. A Grade 3 might be possible, but...
‘There would be some casualties.’
Ultimately, to obtain these tailored essences, you'd need to possess a much higher level than the essence's grade. Therefore...
‘While it's a core essence, you can upgrade lower-grade essences or combine them to save essence slots.’
To summarize, that was the real purpose of this device. It's also possible to use high-grade essences by mixing them with lower-level monsters.
‘The problem is the synthetic beasts…'
Most of the monsters in the factory were low-level. That itself wasn't a huge issue. This factory can perform disassembly, combination, and decomposition. We can insert the magic stones we possess into the device, and it will create a monster on the rails, allowing us to identify who the stone belongs to.
Furthermore, these monsters won't leave the rails unless attacked first, so they'll eventually make a complete circle and reach the device where they'll transform back into magic stones.
‘But it'll be difficult to search if we let them go around.’
No matter how you look at it, we need to wake up our comrades first.
One day, two days, three days, four days…
Time flew by, and finally, the news we had been waiting for arrived.
“We, we found it!”
They discovered a hidden room.
***
The waiting room that we could only see through the control room's CCTV. After searching everywhere, we finally found where our comrades were trapped, going against the rail flow.
“Wh, where are we?”
“We, we're alive…!”
The room buzzed with activity as they woke up one by one using the Crown of Anguish.
“What is this headpiece? It seems like something I've never seen before…”
“... It's a magical item that Yandell had. I don't know the details either. You should ask him directly.”
Whenever a mage asked about the crown, I just gave a vague response. Luckily, no one was around when I obtained it, so I could use it openly without raising suspicions. What are they going to do if I say I've always had it?
“Sir… ”
“Bjorn!”
In any case, we found the room and were finally reunited with our missing comrades.
“How are you? Are you hurt? Anything strange?”
“Yes. I'm fine. Don't worry. How about you, sir?”
Fortunately, none of the Clan Anabada members sustained any injuries, despite being unconscious for a long time. However, not everyone was so lucky.
“... One of my essences is malfunctioning.”
“What? Me too! I have the same issue!”
Some of the members of the exploration team complained of unusual symptoms, but they all shared one thing in common: they had been taken to the factory, transformed into magic stones, and then returned.
However, there was something strange about it.
“I, I'm fine.”
Some people who had been transformed into magic stones showed no abnormalities. So, the mages gathered and examined their bodies.
“Their soul's rank dropped one level. That's why their most recently acquired essence is malfunctioning.”
“Then what about the others?”
“They likely suffered a decrease in contribution points. Those who suffered a rank decrease all shared one thing in common. They had all been promoted recently.”
In fact, those who hadn't been penalized with level downs had been promoted a considerable amount of time ago.
‘Experience point reduction penalty…'
After a meticulous investigation, it was estimated that they had lost about 1,000 EXP.
“Wait, what happens to me now? I've collected contribution points for almost all monsters below Grade 3…”
“Well, you'll have to target monsters above Grade 3 from now on.”
“What? You want me to do that with one less essence!”
“…There's no other way.”
Those who had essentially become useless from my perspective were panicking, as their path to max level was blocked. Even though I didn't want to think about it this way…
‘That's good.’
I felt a sense of relief.
After all, Amelia had been among those who had been taken. If she had somehow woken up and escaped on her own, it would've disrupted our future plans. We weren't here to simply make money by hanging around the seventh and eighth floors.
“Second-in-command, take the rest to the underground below. Raven will explain everything you need to do.”
I gave orders once the chaos had somewhat subsided.
“Emily, go to the control room, turn on the rails, and come back here.”
“I'll be back soon.”
“Chief of Investigation, stay here and lead the investigation team with the search team. Explore this room thoroughly. If I'm right, something is hidden here.”
“…. I understand.”
Alright, that was all for now.
“Sven Parav.”
I stopped him as he tried to join the main group heading underground.
“Yes?”
“How are you feeling?”
“Ah, yes… I'm perfectly fine.”
“That's good. Come with me for a moment, will you? There's something I want to talk to you about, just the two of us.”
It was a private matter that couldn't be discussed in front of others, so I pulled him aside to an empty area.
And…
“This is a secret that only a few people know, so be extremely careful with your words. Understand?”
I tried to scare him before we started talking, but it backfired. He looked confused.
“Uh… maybe it's better if I don't listen…”
He always tries to avoid things, wherever he goes.
“It's something I need to hear your opinion on. Listen carefully. It's an order.”
“... Yes. I will listen attentively.”
He only changed his expression and prepared to listen after I activated Barbarian Commander mode.
I scanned the surroundings before lowering my voice and told him about the 'Head of Research' I had encountered in the control room. I didn't need to explain everything, including the conversation about Hamsik or our entire conversation. The gist of it was all I needed to say.
“So, he warned you that you'll be in big trouble if you don't leave this place within half a year… ”
“Yes. He said something will appear then. He said even five of us won't survive.”
“I, I see…?”
Alright, I've explained the situation. Now it was time for the main point.
“What do you think?”
“Yes?”
“How do you feel after hearing all this? Do you think we should leave here as he said?”
He closed his eyes for a moment as if concentrating, then replied with a hesitant voice.
“... It's too far in the future, so I don't have any feelings about it yet.”
“Didn't you say you didn't want to go to Ice Rock Expedition even from the city?”
“Yes… that's true, but…”
He hesitated at my question and explained about his intuition. Apparently, his intuition usually activates at the final turning point, or whenever he needs to make a choice.
“Well, we should just keep doing what we're doing and wait.”
“I'm sorry.”
“Why are you apologizing? Anyway, if you feel something strange later, forget everything and come find me. Got it?”
“Yes, I'll make sure to tell you.”
Time flew by once again.
***
Following the conversation with the goblin, I decided on a plan.
[If you can't leave this place within half a year, you'll be in great danger.]
Even if the Head of Research's words were true, I was going to continue in my own way.
Didn't he himself say?
[It's not a wrong assumption. It's also my duty to grant permission if someone proves their qualification.]
If I could obtain the qualifications myself before that happens, then even if his words were true, there would be no problem. It's not like there's any reason to do a shady deal anymore.
Therefore, my actions afterwards were simple.
“Sir! I found this in that room where we were kidnapped!”
We continued our investigation, not only in this research institute but also beyond. We used clues found in the hidden room to access new spaces, and continued our search, uncovering more things.
During that process, we raided the mechanical wolf we first encountered in the research institute. When the clues ran out and progress stalled, we even ventured outside the temple to conduct an external search, gradually acquiring information about Rainbow Island.
Simultaneously, we also…
“Hey! You made a mistake. The beast just transformed into a magic stone. It's a Red Drake, not a regular Drake.”
“Oh, is that so?”
“Yes. You need to label the magic stones properly to avoid future problems. Please focus. Ask me if you're even a little unsure.”
While we were exploring, we deployed a significant number of people to the underground factory. It was a kind of insurance. It's good to focus on one thing, but sometimes, Plan B can prevent disaster.
The thought was that even if that guy the Head of Research warned about shows up and we have to flee, we could minimize the loss if we had the necessary essences beforehand.
‘It's not like it takes a lot of manpower.’
Right now, we're just labeling the magic stones as they cycle through the rails, and we plan to hunt them all together once the time is right.
One day, two days, three days.
A month, two months, three months.  The days went by so fast.
‘…Exploration's basically dead, time to start.’
We stopped exploring Rainbow Island and returned to the research institute. We gathered all our team members in the underground factory and inserted magic stones into the device.
Click.
The first device contained the magic stone of Arbet, a Grade 3 monster with lousy skills but incredible base stats, to set the base.
Click.
The second device was seasoned with the magic stone of Woomdal, a Grade 4 monster with good passives but otherwise awful stats, which is why it wasn't included in the Shield Barbarian training method.
And…
Click.
The third device, corresponding to the active skills, was finished by inserting the magic stone of the Orc Hero, who possessed [Gigantification].
“Yandell, as I mentioned before, we can do this a total of twenty-one times with this combination.”
“I know.”
Please, come out already.