## Chapter 621: Golden Return (4)
Honestly, it was foolish to hold out much hope. Twenty-one chances in total, and the probability of a core dropping was incredibly low. Even if one did, it would need to be green, a one in three chance. 
But…
“If it drops, I won’t have to worry about finding a Hiphramant Core separately.”
I still didn’t know Hiphramant’s stats or passive skills, but I was sure it would be better than my current combo, whatever it turned out to be. Arbet’s base stats were comparable to a Rank 2 core, with some exceptional stats perfect for a tank, while Uumdal’s passive skills were similar. 
“This combo is definitely better than most Rank 2 core combinations.”
Maybe it was because I knew this logically, but my heart was pounding. Even though I tried to keep my expectations low, I couldn't help but hope.
A flash of light erupted as the device activated, and the composite beast spawned in the center. The first attempt began immediately.
"Behel—RAAAAAAAA!"
Maybe because we'd finished the casting phases and the battle began in a siege formation, it wasn’t particularly difficult. Not that it was easy, either.
“Well, first attempt, nothing.”
The battle lasted about fifteen minutes. I held the main tank position steadily, so no one got injured.
“My shoulders are sore.”
It wasn't easy, but I managed to hold out thanks to my skills, equipment, the priest's healing, and various buffs.
“A composite beast with Rank 4, 3, and 5 cores combined is this powerful… if I even slightly raise the average rank, it’ll be a nightmare.”
It seemed like I’d need to be careful not to exceed an average of Rank 3 when putting together composite beast combinations in the future. Not that it mattered now.
A flash! Second attempt.
A flash! Third, fourth, fifth…
A flash! We continued for six attempts without a break, but sadly, no cores dropped.
And…
“Please!”
The seventh attempt failed, and I stopped the raid. My gamer’s intuition told me the time wasn't right. As they say, nothing comes for free in this world. It works on the principle of equivalence exchange. But I hadn’t offered any sacrifices yet.  
So, I said,
“Let’s put this aside for now and try other things first.”
“What? Stop here suddenly? Everyone’s just gotten used to the battles.”
“Even if you don't understand, it’s the Commander’s order.”
“What are you saying as if it’s someone else’s problem! The Commander is Yandel!”
She’s got sharp eyes for no reason at all. 
I ignored Raven’s pointed remarks with a Barbarian’s laugh and headed to where I’d stored the magic stones. Thousands, even tens of thousands, of magic stones, neatly organized and labeled. 
“Let’s start with Ainar’s.”
I picked up three containers filled with magic stones and returned.
“Bjorn! Can I try putting them in this time?”
“Ainar, you want to?”
“The sound it makes when they roll is fun!”
I had no idea where she got her sense of fun from, but I let her do it. This combo was for her anyway.
“……Huh? It's mine?”
“Yes, so do it properly. If a core drops, I’ll put it in a vial and feed it to you as soon as we get out.”
Ainar had three core combinations prepared for her, more than any other expedition member. Of course, she’d switched classes to Lancer, so there were a lot of things that needed to be revamped.
“It’s possible she won’t get all three combos, but I hope something comes out. She needs to be able to fight.”
I designed the passive skills and active skills for the Lancer class, and even though the stats suffered a little, I focused on creating combinations with a large boost to her Combat Spirit.
“Then I’ll do it!”
After reorganizing the formation, Ainar confidently started putting the magic stones into the device.
Clank. 
Into the first device, responsible for stats, she put a Rank 3 monster with Combat Spirit and Combat-related stats.
Clank.
Into the second device, which determines passive skills, she put a Rank 4 Combat Support skill, [War Machine].
Clank.
For the active skill, she put in a Rank 4 Combat Buff, [Unbreakable Spirit] and [Nerve Stimulation], aiming for a two-way buff. With that, she completed the first combination.
"Oh! Give me a core!"
Ainar, full of enthusiasm at the prospect of her own core, cheered from afar instead of grabbing her spear and running in.
The first battle took about twenty-five minutes.
“The average rank went up by 0.6, and it got much harder.”
We also had some injuries during the battle. Some of the machines around us were broken, so we’ll probably have to wait until the drones come to fix them. 
But unbelievably…
“Oh! It’s a core! A core!”
A core dropped on the first try!  It was even blue, meaning [Unbreakable Spirit], the first on my priority list.
“It just… dropped on the first try?”
I was speechless. At the same time, I felt a pang of regret.
“Maybe I should’ve just kept going with my own combo?”
Would my core have dropped at this point if I had kept going? I couldn’t shake that thought.
“……So, should I collect it?”
Raven collected the core into a vial, and the first combo was complete. Then we waited for the drones to repair the device before moving on to the second combination.
Clank.
We had a spare from the first try, so we put it back in the stat device.
Clank.
For the passive, we put in a Rank 4 Defense-type core, [Endurance], which could maximize the efficiency of [Crouch].
Clank.
For the active, we put in a Rank 5 core skill for Lancer, [Pinpoint Strike], like the Shield Barbarian’s [Enlargement].
"I got it!"
The composite beast looked incredibly powerful, with a mix of three large monsters.
However, was it because the average rank had gone down a bit? The battle itself was much easier than before, and we quickly used up the remaining attempts.
Once, twice, thrice, four times…
On the fifteenth try…
“I got a core!”
The core dropped, but it was the wrong color, so it was just collected into a vial.
“Whew… well, that’s normal.”
I really wanted this core to drop. It’s a core skill after all. Should I go find another sacrifice right now? 
That thought crossed my mind, but it would be a disgrace to my authority as Commander to just change things up like that.
“It’s all down to probability anyway.”
So, I continued to use up the remaining tries. Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen…
The remaining attempts were dwindling quickly. We had only three tries left.
“…Oh! Bjornnnnn!! It’s a core! A core! The yellow one you mentioned!”
…What’s wrong with this kid?
***
Ainar had acquired two cores in a flash. Still, it was a good thing that a core didn’t drop from the third combo. It was an absurd level of luck to get three cores from less than one hundred monsters.
“Whew. The first two went well, so I even redesigned the combo to make the best possible one.”
Of course, it was unbelievable to get three cores from less than a hundred monsters.
“This… kid’s going to become a monster when she returns.”
With Shinrokgeochang and Hiphramant, as well as the Rank 3 core Spear Deeper and two custom cores, Ainar would become incredibly powerful just by swapping the cores in the temple.
“So, are we going to go back and hunt that thing again?”
“No, let’s… try something else first.”
I didn't have the courage to go back to grinding for my core combo after that insane stroke of luck. I kept summoning other composite beasts for a while.
Amelia, Misha, Erwen…
We had plenty of other combinations to summon, even beyond the ones prepared for these three. All the expedition members had their own preferred combinations, and there were requests from the Vice Commander as well.
We needed cores to offer to the royal family? Most of the combinations were for knights, based on their requests.
“…If I hadn’t used the magic engineering propulsion, we could’ve tried summoning more.”
Looking back, I regret using so many magic stones. Most of them were Rank 6 or lower, but… I did use some higher-ranked ones.
Thankfully, I had collected a lot of high-rank magic stones on the library island and most of the ones I got from the royal family were also high-rank.
One day, two days, three days, four days…
We kept raiding, day and night, and through it all, I realized something.
“The drop rate… seems to be higher than outside?”
I’d previously tested lower-rank monsters, and they dropped so rarely I thought the probability was abysmal. It seemed like I’d just been incredibly unlucky then.  
Of course, that's probably why Ainar got two cores after using those as sacrifices.
“It’s already been twenty days.”
Twenty days since we started raiding this factory. To summarize our progress, Amelia, Erwen, and Misha each got one core, and Muel Armin, who I recommended a core combination for, got one as well. Other expedition members used leftover magic stones to get eleven cores, and we collected seven cores to offer to the royal family. But…
“What? It’s not there again?”
“How many attempts is this?”
Surprisingly, we’d been failing for three days straight.
“We must have caught at least a thousand monsters. This is strange. Is the device broken?”
Even the members who had been raiding with us for the past three days were starting to comment on the abnormal situation.
‘Now’s the time.’
I felt it was the perfect moment. I stopped the raid and immediately grabbed the magic stones for my combo.
“Ainar.”
“…Yes?”
I called Ainar, who was happily lounging around, chewing on dried meat.
“You put in the magic stones.”
"Oh? That's easy enough."
Ainar agreed without asking why. I was a little worried, so I explained and double-checked which magic stone went into which device.
“Okay, even if she’s a little silly, she shouldn’t make a mistake with this.”
And she didn’t.  Ainar placed each magic stone into the correct device without a single mistake. 
But…
Eight times, nine times, ten times…
Just because she put them in right didn’t mean a core would drop.
Eleven, twelve, thirteen…
My heart beat faster with each attempt.
Fourteen, fifteen, sixteen…
As the saying goes, a steady drip wears away a stone.  That was me right now. 
We only had five attempts left. Blood rushed to my head, and ideas that wouldn’t normally cross my mind started popping up.
‘The Goblin.’
Right, I’ll use Sven Parav’s intuition. It seems like a skill that only activates when disaster is imminent.
“I’ll tie him up somewhere. If a core doesn’t drop this time, I’ll crush his skull.”
Yeah, maybe then I’ll know the exact moment a core drops?
It seemed like a ridiculous idea, but it was worth trying.
I glanced over at the Goblin, just then…
“What the heck’s wrong with that guy?”
The Goblin, who was standing a little distance away, was staring at me. Like he was about to poop his pants.
Maybe he was reacting to my thoughts?  I had to wonder.
But…
“Commander, can we talk, for a, a minute?”
The Goblin’s words had nothing to do with what I’d been thinking. 
“We, we need to get out of here, I, I feel it.”
The Goblin’s intuition was activated.
“It’s stronger than ever before.”