## Chapter 625: The Seventh Zone (3)
Soul Essence Deletion.
It was a skill that all priests of bishop level and above were required to possess, but there was a condition attached to Soul Essence Deletion: it could only be performed within a 'temple.' 
This was the reason why there were so many Noahrc fools who had become "deadweights" after ingesting the wrong Soul Essence.  
Deleting Soul Essence was a life-threatening process, especially if you were well-known. 
"Whew..."
I handed the blue dagger back to the priest, slightly unsteady on my feet. 
I always felt a void whenever I deleted Soul Essence. This wasn’t just a side effect of the stat decrease. 
It was hard to explain, but...
'It felt as if a part of my soul was being ripped away.'
That's the closest description I could come up with. 
Now I understood why MP was referred to as "Soul Power" in this world.
Swish.
Hoping that filling the void would help, I quickly retrieved a vial from my subspace.
Arvet and Uumdal. 
A custom-made Soul Essence incorporating the Orc Hero's [Gigantification].
Even as I popped it in my mouth like a potion, I wondered how this would be displayed in a game.
"Character's soul absorbs [???? Soul Essence]."
Well, it wouldn't just be a series of question marks, would it?
I didn’t know, but I put those thoughts aside and focused on the changes happening to my body. 
Among explorers, there was a slang term, "taming." 
The more you focused on your body's transformations while ingesting Soul Essence, the easier it was to adapt to your new abilities.
"Strength increases by +100."
A surge of invigorating energy flowed through me, making me feel as if I could lift anything.  
Of course, in terms of strength alone, I wouldn’t be able to compare to an Ogre.
"Jump Height increases by +120."
My thigh muscles tightened.
"Physical Resistance increases by +80."
My already tough skin felt even more resilient.
"Hearing increases by +60."
The sounds that were barely audible in the air were now clear as day.
Even with my full focus, these were the only major changes I could immediately perceive.
Not that this was the end of it, though.
"Darkness Resistance increases by +40."
"Soul Power increases by +50."
"Natural Regeneration increases by +80."
"Stamina increases by +60."
"Bone Density increases by +60."
"Absorption increases by +60."
Ogres were already considered to have incredibly high base stats, but Arvet’s combined stats were beyond comparison.
Of course, Arvet’s skills were a trap, but...
This was a non-issue for me, since I had extracted only the stats from the Soul Essence using the system on the first floor. 
"Whew..."
Having finally adapted to the stat changes, I cautiously opened my subspace.
For reference, I had stored all the Numbered Items I was wearing in my subspace due to a feature of Uumdal's passive skill. 
[Soul Link] - The first acquired equipment becomes bound to the character, granting additional abilities.
First acquired equipment.
That's how it was displayed in the game, but in reality, this passive only worked on ‘Numbered Items.’
Also...
‘Binding it incorrectly is irreversible.’
Because you could only link it once, I had to be extremely careful when handling Uumdal’s Soul Essence. 
If you ingested it while wearing full gear, one of them would be randomly bound. 
Swish.
I reached into my subspace and visualized the exact item I wanted to retrieve, and the large, solid 'thing' appeared in my hand.
‘No. 87, Kraul's Demon Crusher.’
...not that it was that.
Demon Crusher was a high-performance weapon, so it wouldn’t be a bad choice.
However...
‘There’s no way I’d waste a passive slot on that.’
There were countless passive skills suitable for a paladin, and I would have chosen one of them, if it hadn’t been for this.
"Character has equipped No. 3, Aegis’s Barrier."
"Total Item Level increases by +18,600."
The strongest shield, normally obtainable much later.
"Soul's Attraction."
"No. 3, Aegis’s Barrier has become permanently bound to the character."
"Bound equipment will never be destroyed."
"All effects of bound equipment are increased by 10%."
"Upon defeating a monster, bound equipment gains individual experience, and upon reaching a certain level, it gains a unique effect."
This shield was now a growth type.
***
[Soul Link].
A skill that was essential when training a shield dwarf, as it synergized with Numbered Items.
I had conducted countless research projects, and I knew almost all the unique effects of high-level equipment.
‘The unique effect was granted at level 9, wasn’t it?’
Even without unlocking the unique effect, it was a good skill.
Each level increased equipment performance by 10%.
‘It’s a bit wasteful to have the indestructible option overlap, though…'
Well, most high-level Numbered Items had the indestructible option, so it wasn’t a big deal.
The binding option... wouldn’t be a drawback for me, since I didn’t plan on selling it anyway.
‘Gigantification.’
After confirming that the active skill worked properly, I glanced around.
It seemed everything was finished here. 
Since I wasn’t the only one who needed to re-equip. 
"Amelia Rainwells's soul absorbs [???? Soul Essence]."
"Misha Kalstain's soul absorbs [???? Soul Essence]."
"Erwen Fornach di Tercia’s soul absorbs [???? Soul Essence]."
The three sisters(?) (dealers) had each been given a custom Soul Essence.
And...
"Ainar Prnellin's soul absorbs [???? Soul Essence]."
"Ainar Prnellin's soul absorbs [???? Soul Essence]."
Ainar, who had deleted the Soul Essences of [Oil Slick]'s ‘Smug’ and [Savage Control]'s ‘Bitlan,’ had two custom Soul Essences in her slots.
The change was immediate.
‘Those two Soul Essences combined gave her 100 in Combat Spirit, right?’
Theoretically, that was enough to fully compensate for the Combat Spirit decrease due to Hiprama’s Essence.
It wasn’t hard to see that Ainar had returned to normal.
"Behe-laaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!”
Yes, that was a battle cry, that was a barbarian.
Seeing Ainar roar so loudly that the entire hall shook, I felt a sense of pride, but it was short-lived, as Amelia approached me.
"How about the new Soul Essence? Like it?"
"We'll talk about that later. First, we need to move on to the next stage before we waste any more time."
She should be more excited after eating a new Soul Essence. 
"...Alright."
"Hmph... Since you like it, stop making that gloomy face."
"Oh, is that so?"
Anyway, there wasn’t time for this, so I moved on to the next plan, as Amelia’s words made sense.
"Everyone, gather round!!"
Before I could take them to raid another prison, there was a task that needed to be done beforehand. 
"This is a historic moment!"
As if sensing the start of a speech, everyone shut their mouths and stared at me.
No one seemed bored. 
Actually, most of them had a slightly excited look in their eyes.
"Currently, Laphdonia is in crisis. Those filthy rats who lived underground are finally trying to take over our city."
Living as a barbarian had taught me the art of speech. 
Amelia said it was simply something I was born with.
"And! We were lucky enough to be living here!"
"Lucky...??"
"We were hit out of all the cities, isn’t that incredibly unlucky?”
Everyone's eyes were filled with question marks as I continued my speech.
All of them were valid questions.
But, that's why...
‘Now.’
As soon as the mood was right.
"No! We are all lucky! At least we got a chance! A chance to save our city in crisis and create a 'great achievement' that no one can surpass!"
I continued my speech.
I didn’t need to be long-winded here.
After all, weren’t they all explorers?
No one knew what they wanted more than I did.
"Also, I promise you right now, here!"
"When everything is over, I, Bjorn, son of Yandell, will dare to speak in front of the royal family!"
"It wasn't just me who did it."
"It was all thanks to the blood and sweat that you all shed that saved this city!!"
As I raised my fist, clenched tight, after saying those words, everyone cheered as if waiting for it.
"Wa-aa-aa-aah!!!!!"
Was it because of my fame?
Or because I'd been doing it so often?
I don't know, but I’m getting the feeling that it's getting easier to elicit cheers like that.
‘Well, with a performance like that, no one will question my sincerity later…'
Looking over the crowd with cold eyes, despite the passionate speech, I raised my voice once more.
"But!"
Thinking that the speech was starting again, all the explorers once more assumed a posture of listening attentively with their mouths shut tight.
"The enemies are strong! The rats have been stealing from our pantry and growing bigger, and we’ll have to shed blood to drive them out!"
"It doesn’t matter!!"
"I’ll kill them all!!"
The explorers weren’t fazed, as they saw this crisis as an opportunity, even when I emphasized the danger. 
Well, it wasn’t a bad thing…
Since it was about time I got to the point. 
"Ahem! I know you’re brave and courageous. However! As a Laphdonia noble, a warrior, an explorer, and someone who loves this city more than anyone, I hope as little blood is shed as possible. I hope that you all survive and return to the arms of your families."
The speech was just bait for the present.
"Therefore, I, Bjorn, son of Yandell, have decided..."
"...?"
"I will distribute Soul Essences to you all!!"
Wasn’t there a saying, "the more you share, the bigger it gets?"
This was exactly the case.
***
"...Eh?"
Everyone’s faces turned strange at the announcement of free Soul Essences.
Well, I couldn’t blame them.
It would be natural to wonder why that barbarian was doing such a crazy thing after being so successful.
Even my comrades’ reactions weren’t much different.
"If he’s giving away Soul Essences..."
"He’s probably talking about the ones he got on the first floor."
"Why would he give away such precious things...?"
Only Amelia remained calm.
It was natural, as she knew...
That this free distribution would ultimately benefit me greatly.
Of course, this wasn’t just about the benefits of reducing the loot going to the royal family, our potential enemies.
Think about it.
‘If I release Soul Essences here, how will anyone know how many I have left?’
Simply put, by releasing bad Soul Essences to the explorers, I could secretly swallow the high-value ones.
There’s no way the royal family would be able to find out that I only released the guppies.
It's kind of trashy to say this, but…
‘In war, casualties are inevitable.’
I mean, how would they investigate? 
If someone is already dead, how would anyone know if they ate a guppy or a pricey eel? 
It even has a clean moral ground.
Who would say anything if I said it was an investment to save the city?
‘Well, of course, things tend to disappear during wartime.’
In technical terms, this is called ‘skimming.’
Isn’t it interesting how the etymology is Japanese?
Anyway, that's not the point…
"Come on, everyone! Come here! Don't push! There are still plenty of Soul Essences!"
I began the distribution in earnest. 