## Chapter 626: The 7th Ward (4)
After swiftly raiding the grand cathedral of the Leahtralian Church, our first target, we moved according to our pre-arranged plan, rescuing explorers trapped in various city facilities. And…
“You mean… you'll be sharing essences?”
“That's right! The stronger you are, the better the chances of saving this city! Now, take them!”
We shared essences with them whenever we successfully rescued them. Of course, we didn’t just give them to anyone. We gave one essence each time to the highest-ranked explorer.
I have to at least show some face to the royal family. 
Besides, we didn’t have enough essences to give them to everyone. 
‘Okay, that’s it for the essence sharing.’
By the time we liberated the 7th Ward’s West Branch of the Security Bureau, our fourth stop on our planned route, we had run out of essences to share.
“I… But wouldn't it be best to make a record of who received which essence?”
Auyen, oblivious to my swindle plan, and other companions expressed their worries about my unconventional move. 
“As it is the royal family's property, they will surely try to confirm it, even if the cause is justified.”
Well, that’s true.
But so what?
While ordinary people would appear very suspicious if they made such a ‘mistake,’
“Nah, why bother keeping records? That's a hassle.”
I am a Barbarian.
Therefore, it's perfectly normal for me to do things the Barbarian way.
“If it's a hassle, I can take down the records by asking everyone…,”
“Forget it! Do you have time to do that one by one amidst all this chaos?”
“Still…,”
Ah, this is just.
I appreciate you worrying about me.
“Auyen, I said it's fine.”
When I finally spoke in a firm, low voice, Auyen's face contorted into one of realization, and he shut his mouth tightly. It seemed like he finally noticed my hidden intentions…
‘But I don’t think he realizes what I’m planning to do.’
Even Amelia was taken aback and horrified when she first heard about my plan.
Who else but me would dare to pull such crazy stunts against the royal family?
“Bjornnn! When are we moving to the next destination? I want to fight…!!! Uoooh!!!”
Just when we were about to move again, Ainar urged us with a palpable eagerness.
‘…Should I have just added half the amount of combat spirit?’
Ever since recovering her combat spirit, Ainar had become much more proactive, almost as if she felt embarrassed by her past mistakes.
Maybe if I'd added only half the amount, she would've been like a normal person…
‘Nah, then what kind of a Barbarian would she be? Just a spear-wielding warrior.’
A Barbarian must be like this.
Honestly, I was delighted to see Ainar regaining her lively spirit as a Barbarian Lord.
That’s why I also changed Ainar's position. Originally, her task was to protect the rearguard by following Bersil, but…
“Roar, Ainar.”
“Behel—raaaa!!!”
Now she’s right in the front, following me and tearing down everything she sees. Even with her new skills, she’s using them flawlessly.
“Ainar Fnellin used [Indomitable Spirit].”
“For a certain period, physical stats are greatly enhanced.”
“All types of debuff effects that restrict actions are reduced by 80%.”
This newly acquired combat buff allowed Ainar to charge into the battlefield like a tank.
Although it wasn't a skill that made her immune to CCs or removed them entirely…
With an 80% reduction and considering her resistance, most CCs were negated in the blink of an eye.
“Ainar Fnellin used [Pinpoint].”
However, [Pinpoint], the core skill of spear Barbarians, hasn't been very effective yet.
“All effects of your piercing skills will be applied to the next attack.”
Well, she only has one piercing skill, [Trident], so far.
I even advised her to not use it now because mana is precious, but Ainar seemed adamant about not listening.
How can you hold back when your spear is emitting white light?
‘Once the city is safe, I’ll buy attack skills and give them to her.’
Once she acquires three piercing skills, [Pinpoint] will have a power surpassing that of a Tier 5 skill.
Well, there is a secret to this skill’s true value.
‘Is this skill also a type of conversion skill?’
The skill condition for [Pinpoint] is ‘piercing.’
Therefore, it can be used with other skills from different classes that require ranged weapons like bows, as long as they are piercing.
That’s why [Pinpoint] was chosen as a core essence for spear Barbarians in the first place.
“Uoooh!!!”
Anyway, despite not being able to fully utilize [Pinpoint], Ainar dominated the battlefield, showcasing a power that even surpassed her days as the ‘Blast Sword.’
No, it's beyond that.
For starters, her stats are significantly higher after this spec-up.
“Ainar Fnellin used ten attack skills.”
“The passive skill [War Machine] temporarily reduces incoming damage.”
“Ainar Fnellin failed to defend.”
“The passive skill [Endurance] slightly increases all resistances.”
Thanks to her defensive passive skills, her combat stability has also increased tremendously.
And in the midst of all this.
Puk-!
The damage output is much higher than before.
While she might have been more effective against multiple weak enemies in the past, her single-target damage is on a whole other level.
Of course, Veridian Greatspear is the ultimate spear weapon in this world.
Just casually thrusting it, you can easily pierce through most armor like tofu.
“Blast Sword… when did he start using a spear?”
“But he seems even stronger than when he was using a sword…,”
“….A New Spear! The New Spear has arrived!”
Hearing the explorers’ excited shouts about her dominance, Ainar asked me,
“Bjorn, what’s a New Spear?”
“It means someone who uses a spear well.”
“Uoooh! I am the New Spear!!!”
Ainar has a new nickname.
***
“Ainar Fnellin’s Fame increased by +1.”
“Ainar Fnellin’s Fame increased by +1.”
“Ainar Fnellin’s Fame increased by +1.”
“Ainar Fnellin’s Fame increased by +1…”
“······.”
***
Even if we weren’t as impactful as Ainar, who made a strong impression by changing weapons and even upgrading her stats in the first floor, we still drew much attention from the explorers.
“What’s that shield…?”
“I have no idea. But it's definitely not an ordinary item.”
“Looks like the Giantesses have become even stronger.”
Not only me, but Amelia, Misha, and Erwin, who had also obtained new essences, all showcased their growth, earning the admiration of many explorers.
“…I don’t know what adventures you’ve been through, but you have wings on your giant backs.”
“Why be surprised now? He is already an explorer who left his name on the Stone of Honor. He is a man who will be remembered as a legend in this city even after his death.”
I feel a bit embarrassed, but it’s not entirely wrong when you think about it.
Through this journey, we’ve gained the power to go even further.
Ah, of course, we need to finish this job before anything else.
“….It's empty again this time.”
The Western Explorers Branch’s underground prison, our ninth stop on our planned route. When we arrived, however, the interior of the prison was completely empty.
“I guess the huge blow we dealt them during the final battle played a big role.”
“The other facilities are likely in the same situation.”
Starting from the third facility, the Noirk bastards had become aware of us and were waiting for us with every preparation made, forcing us to engage in fierce battles. 
But from the seventh facility onwards, their forces gradually weakened, and now there was no one left to guard the prison, nor any explorers who should’ve been imprisoned.
Of course, it was not entirely unexpected.
The Noirk bastards are more vigilant about the Royal Army stationed beyond the walls than they are about us, even if we’re causing chaos inside.
They have to have a backup force on the walls, and if they take too many troops to catch us, the Royal Army might also notice something is wrong.
In other words, they were forced to leave us alone.
‘Well, getting help from the Royal Family is out of the question.’
Actually, there was another scenario I was hoping for in this plan. 
The Royal Army would exploit the opening we created and launch a full-scale offensive.
News of the first floor expedition team's return had already reached the Royal Family.
They know we're in the 7th Ward, and I thought they would immediately realize what's going on once they saw the troops leave the wall.
But…
“It’s time to move on to the next stage.”
The world doesn’t always go as you want.
Knowing this law of the world from my experiences, I could make a quick decision.
“You mean the next plan…,”
“Why are you pretending not to know when I already told you?”
“…..”
“We will break through the wall and enter the city by our own strength.”
We’d already shared this plan with everyone, but these explorers had just been freed.
“You mean… what?”
“I heard there were a ton of Noirk bastards on the wall…,”
The explorers who overheard me started to make a ruckus.
“Can we really do it with our own strength?”
“We don’t even have our gear!”
“Even if it’s for a good cause, I’m afraid to speak out…,”
There were many ways to convince these kids.
With our power, it’s worth a try.
Besides, if we make the first move, the Royal Army will definitely notice and support us.
They will heal us no matter how badly we’re injured as long as we cross the wall.
I could convince them to follow me by saying things like that with a bit of flair.
But…
“Oh, shut up.”
“…..?”
“You are all adults, why are you whining so much?”
“…..Yes?”
Seeing the explorers with dazed expressions, I spoke bluntly.
“If you’re scared, get out. Then it’s all over, isn’t it?”
“…Yes?”
“What’s so surprising? Did you think I would diligently persuade you?”
“…..”
I guess they did think so.
I am not their parents, for God’s sake.
“Let’s go!”
There was no need for further conversation, and simply leading the way was enough.
“…Are you going to stay behind?”
“Are you crazy? Of course I'm coming!”
“The Baron must have something in mind to do this. I trust him!”
I saved at least 20 minutes.
***
Since this is my hometown, the 7th Ward, finding my way around the broken city was easy.
After all, you can see the wall right there in the distance.
The problem was that the Noirk main force, having spotted us, started approaching…
“There are at least twenty times as many of them as us.”
“But the problem is, it's not just the number. They will only keep coming.”
It’s not just their number, either.
The Noirk main force, which came out to stop us, was full of formidable guys, and one of them was someone I was far too familiar with.
“Looks like you managed to survive that place and come back, Bjorn Jandel.”
“…..”
“It would've been better if you had just died there.”
Seeing the guy greeting me from afar, I just chuckled.
“Pissit.”
He’s still the same.