## The Abandoned City (1)
There was a conversation we had during a previous discussion with my colleagues.
[It's rather suspicious that they targeted two districts simultaneously. Even if they only went after one, it'd be a tough battle to hold out….]
[Plus, there's a Bifron between the 7th and 13th districts, making defense even more challenging.]
[…That's right. Why did they do that? Do they have some objective with the Bifron?]
We couldn't know for sure, but at the time, we suspected there was a hidden meaning behind their actions.
And our suspicion proved correct.
Just like this.
"…"
The moment the Bifron was mentioned, a look of panic flashed across his face, one he couldn't conceal.
“…What are you talking about? I don’t understand what you mean—.”
It was too late to try and cover it up like that.
My gut feeling had already solidified into certainty.
“I guess we don’t need to give way to them.”
I cut him off.
After all, the answer was clear, wasn't it?
I don't know what exactly they're hiding in the Bifron, but…
“We're going to the Bifron.”
As they say, if you do the opposite of what the enemy wants, you're already halfway there.
"…"
Looking at him, lost in thought after my statement, I realized there was no difference between having a conversation and facing off in a fight.
Just moments ago, if I hadn't taken advantage of his unexpected moment of vulnerability with a surprise attack, I wouldn't have gotten this kind of reaction.
"…"
The silence stretched on.
He didn't offer any excuses like, “Why would we go to the Bifron?” or “You seem to have a misunderstanding.”
He just stared at me from afar, not uttering a single word.
It seemed he was carefully considering his words, choosing them wisely before speaking.
Well, it’s too late now.
“So, we’re turning back now. Are you not going to stop us?”
I asked with a smirk, and the vice-captain quietly murmured,
“I heard you were clever, but I didn’t expect this.”
Well, the same could be said about me.
They only said he was the second-in-command of Orculis. I'd never heard of him being a strategist, let alone one of this caliber.
“So, your answer?”
I pressed, and the vice-captain scoffed, answering immediately,
“Do as you please. Going to the Bifron, you say? Then go ahead. We won't stop you.”
…Is he bluffing?
That was my first suspicion, but I couldn’t be sure.
I always had to keep all possibilities open.
In fact, even though he was taken aback by the word Bifron earlier, there might be no reason for them to be inconvenienced by us heading there.
‘Ha… This is just another psychological battle.’
My head started to ache.
Even though we hadn't engaged in a physical fight yet, I could feel it through our conversation.
He wasn’t an easy opponent.
“It's your choice now.”
"…"
“What will you do?”
The vice-captain, back to his usual calm demeanor.
Was he trying to regain his lost control?
The fact was, with all my options open, I was getting confused and finding it difficult to choose just one.
But…….
“Choose wisely. The fate of many hangs in the balance.”
Barbarians don't have a choice paralysis.
No matter how difficult or dangerous it seems, if they think it needs to be done, they do it without hesitation.
Oh, and they're also used to situations where they have no choice.
“What are you rambling about? Stop being noisy.”
I looked at the vice-captain, his brow furrowed as if he didn't understand, and I said clearly,
“Choice? I already told you, didn’t I? We’re going to the Bifron.”
Perhaps he didn't know.
The moment he tried to turn me against the others, the option of simply leaving the city disappeared for me.
‘How can I possibly just walk out now?’
The basics are already out there, an evil spirit.
During the Ice Rock expedition, I killed the Rose Knights and made it disappear, and more recently, I even tried to steal royal property.
If I give the royal family a reason to investigate us in this state, I’ll be in more danger than going to the Bifron.
Therefore…….
“Well, it’s good that you’re not going to stop us. See you later. We’re leaving now.”
"…"
“You're not changing your mind now, are you?”
I asked, shrugging my shoulders, and the vice-captain answered in a nonchalant tone,
“Of course not. A promise is a promise.”
“Oh, you're more of a man than you look.”
“More of a man…?”
“Ha! It's not manly to worry about such trivial matters!”
"…"
“Now, will you please disappear from sight? I'm turning around to go to the Bifron, and it's going to feel weird if you're still here.”
I spoke in a low voice, and the vice-captain, as if collecting his thoughts, yelled after a moment,
“All units! Return to the wall!”
The Noir Arc forces facing us were confused, muttering about the order, but they did not disobey the vice-captain’s command.
“He’s really going… ”
As I watched them leave and head back to the wall, I recalled the vice-captain’s last expression.
His face, as he looked at me before turning his back, seemed to mock me, and yet it was as if he was happy.
And maybe because we both saw it?
“…Are you really going to the Bifron?”
Amelia asked, concern etched on her face.
“…Is this the right decision? It feels like we’re being lured there… ”
Bercile also voiced her concerns, but…….
‘Lured, my ass.’
I understood after seeing his final expression.
I brushed aside the last of my hesitation and turned my back towards the opposite direction of the wall.
“Everyone! Follow me! We’re heading to the Bifron!”
Whatever it is, we'll find out when we get there.
What exactly is hidden there that makes them so averse to us going?
***
Roland Banocent, the vice-captain of Orculis.
He let out a dry laugh, his eyes on the wall that was now completely empty.
“…He really did go.”
A woman in alluring attire approached him as he muttered that.
“Big brother Vice-Captain, are you okay? Is it really alright to just let them go like this without doing anything?”
Rylance Viviane.
A woman who was once a promising talent at the Magic Tower, but who became a black mage through repeated forbidden magic research and experiments.
It’s said that even before she touched black magic, she had a cruel streak and was known to talk a lot, but in his opinion, that temperament only intensified, if anything.
And so did her mischievous nature.
“Did it throw you off that he just left?”
"…"
“Come on, you look flustered. You’re always pretending to be so clever, but you didn’t really think he’d go, did you?”
Banocent didn't like this type of person.
No, to be precise, he absolutely hated her.
But…….
‘She’s still useful.’
He looked at the woman, a kind smile playing on his lips, and replied,
“Haha, how can anyone know everything? But seeing how you’re talking, it seems you anticipated this, Viviane.”
“No? How could I have anticipated that? After offering to send them back to the city, they’d make that decision there.”
"…"
“But shouldn’t we go after them now? If they go to the Bifron and something bad happens, we’re in trouble too, right?”
Banocent nodded gloomily.
Though she had a carefree air, Viviane was never a fool.
As she said, it wasn’t a good thing to let a unpredictable individual like Viscount Yandell enter the Bifron.
“But it’s even more dangerous to go after them now. If we leave the wall completely empty, the royal family will notice. It’s not time to give up the 7th district yet.”
“But even if you pretend to be alright with them going, it’s not right, is it?”
Viviane mocked, but Banocent only laughed nonchalantly.
“You’re right. I regret it too.”
“Come on, you’re making me tease you. I’m just curious. Why did our clever Vice-Captain do that?”
She relentlessly insisted on hearing an answer, and in the end, he reluctantly gave in.
“Viviane, ordinary people wouldn’t make such a bold decision in that situation. Especially not in a situation like his, where he has so much to lose.”
He wasn’t just saying this to get out of the situation.
He had seen countless people over the years, and witnessed their decision-making process.
Or rather, he had observed it.
It was the reason he earned the nickname ‘The Eye’.
Most people thought it was because of his supernatural ability, but…….
It just happened to fit the situation.
In fact, he didn’t actually have any supernatural ability when he first got that nickname.
He had simply been able to read other people’s minds since he was a child.
But…….
“Wow, so our Vice-Captain is a real airhead, huh?”
Even with such a sincere answer, Viviane only scoffed, and Banocent couldn’t hide his displeasure, frowning.
Did she realize she had crossed a line?
“He said, ‘Ordinary people’ wouldn’t, right?”
"…"
“But Bjorn Yandell isn’t ordinary, is he?”
Viviane quickly continued, shrugged, and left, and Banocent quietly laughed.
“Not ordinary… ”
He first learned of ‘Bjorn Yandell’ when he was granted the title of Viscount for his contribution in the Goblin Forest battle.
Back then, he had just thought, “A peculiar fellow has emerged,” and that was the end of it.
Honestly, at that time, he had merely gotten lucky and accomplished a great feat. He hadn’t considered him a threat.
But what about now?
In the end, Bjorn Yandell grew into one of the most prominent figures in the kingdom.
And…….
‘I don't even know how many times it's been now.’
Somehow, he keeps bumping into Bjorn Yandell.
The same thing happened with the Dragonslayer, Regal Vagos.
After regaining his memories, how surprised he was to hear that the person he met in the maze was Bjorn Yandell.
He wasn't even a viscount at that time.
‘Is it… karma?’
He didn’t believe in superstitions, but he had a gut feeling.
Bjorn Yandell will continue to be a major obstacle in the future.
“First, I need to report to the captain.”
After tidying up his thoughts, he used a communication device to inform the captain, who was in the 13th district, about the situation.
And after finishing his report, he looked at the empty wall, remembering his conversation with the Dragonslayer.
[Hmm, tell me about Bjorn Yandell?]
As he was a rapidly growing explorer, he gathered various information from the Dragonslayer, who had recovered his memories.
He also heard this:
[…Ah, Vice-Captain, one more thing.]
At the time, he just thought it was nonsense and ignored it.
[It’s best to avoid having a conversation with him.]
Now, he understood a little more.
[Once you start talking to him, everything will go according to his plan. Without you even realizing it.]
He wondered why he said that back then.