## The Abandoned City (3)
Bifron is a deserted city. Originally, it was the 14th district of Ravigion, a residential area with a dimensional plaza, but it was closed off long ago when the protective magic circle, designed to ward off the Witch's poison, malfunctioned.
And then…
“It became a prison.”
The Royal Family, considering it a waste to abandon an entire city district, separated the 14th district and renamed it “Bifron,” creating a city with a different purpose.
Dreamers yearning for revolution.
Visionaries with progressive thinking.
Or those who harbored discontent with the city's system itself.
The Royal Family imprisoned all these “counter-revolutionaries” in Bifron, ultimately gaining a far greater advantage than simply hanging them.
However…
“Now, the Royal Family must be feeling uneasy.”
It was proven by the Noirark, when they ventured outside the city walls. That the Witch's poison, which supposedly melted anyone who crossed the boundary, was nowhere to be found.
Well, ordinary citizens, lacking access to information, only perceive it as a mere rumor. 
Regardless.
“Huu…,”
That’s about all I know about Bifron for now.
But why has Bifron become so important? Is it a politically significant city for the Royal Family? Is that why the Noirark is trying to use it?
Initially, that was the first thought that came to mind, but the longer I contemplated it, the less likely it seemed. It simply doesn't make sense. If it were a crucial stronghold for the Royal Family, they would have sent troops or taken steps to protect it.
It’s not like the Royal Family is full of idiots, and they couldn't possibly have missed something I noticed, could they?
“Maybe something will turn up during my investigation.”
In that sense, even after leaving the checkpoint, I continued to investigate Bifron. I formed a search party to explore every corner of the city and asked the residents about any legends or stories passed down through generations.
Furthermore…
Swoosh!
I climbed the city walls, something I couldn't do before because of the knights.
My companions were with me.
“Wow,” 
“It’s completely different from what I imagined when I was a child. I thought it would be a land of darkness…,” 
“Yeah, it seems… peaceful,”
Looking down from atop the towering walls, the world outside was beyond spectacular. Lush forests, mountains, and valleys hinted at even more vibrant natural landscapes stretching out beyond the horizon. 
“Hey, Mr., should we just jump off here?”
“What…?”
“I just thought, what difference does it make if we go out there? Noirark or the Royal Family…”
I didn't think it was a foolish remark. In fact, I felt the same urge when I first saw the ground below the wall.
What if we just went outside? 
What if we just went out there? What would happen if we simply went outside?
If we're not going back to our original world anyway…
Maybe that's an option.
Then, there would be no need to scramble to reach the abyssal gate, no need to fear the Royal Family's watchful eyes and desperately become stronger. 
No need to lose anything to move forward.
It would all be gone.
As that thought blossomed within me, I slowly shook my head.
“It probably won't work.”
“What do you mean?”
“The protective magic circle must be active.”
“But Bifron is supposed to have a broken magic circle.”
“Why would you believe what the Royal Family says?”
I told Erwin to fire an arrow towards the outside, and she drew back the bowstring with a tense expression.
Then…
Thwack!
The arrow flew out, hitting the air with a dull thud before falling back down.
“It’s still intact.”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
Erwin, disappointed by the discovery, casually asked me.
“But what if we shot it harder? There might be a gap.”
“I don’t mind if you try, but it probably won’t work. The protective magic circle is a legacy of the last great sage, Gabrilius.”
Moreover, though I didn’t say it out loud…
There’s no guarantee that the life I desire awaits me outside the walls. 
After all…
Why did the Noirark, who had ventured outside the walls, return to this city?
There must be a good reason for their return.
And not only that…
“Escaping doesn't suit me.”
Living the life of a Barbarian, my body and mind have been completely transformed. I don’t want to run and hide like a medieval peasant. 
No, to be precise, rather than that…
“It would be better to overturn everything.”
It would be much better to remove the reason for my escape. If I tear everything down and become the King, I wouldn't need to live in a wasteland, right?
Well, realistically speaking, is that even possible?
“Hmm… is it completely impossible?”
These thoughts make me feel like a true Barbarian.
***
Two days after I began my haphazard investigation into the city of Bifron, I happened to encounter an old acquaintance.
“You’ve grown a lot.”
“Hello, Baron.”
The ten-year-old kid who had boldly approached me on the day I was exiled to Bifron, offering to be my guide for 100 stones. He had become a young man, almost unrecognizable.
“You were eleven then, right?”
“You remember…,”
“They say that you can only earn the right to leave at fourteen.”
“Yes, that’s correct.”
“Why are you still here?”
The boy shrugged and chuckled in response to my question. 
“I failed. To prove my worth.”
“So, you’re saying that you’re trying again?”
“You really don’t know, do you, Baron? You can only earn the right to leave once, when you’re fourteen. If you don’t leave then, you’re denied the opportunity forever.”
His nonchalant tone made it hard for me to find the right words. Should I say that I feel a little sorry for him? Ah, I’ll just be honest. 
“That’s a shame, then.”
“No, I think it’s for the best now.”
“…?,”
“I'm helping my younger siblings earn the right to leave. So that at least they can get out.”
“Aren't you resentful?”
The boy simply smiled at my question and left, saying he was grateful that I remembered him and that he had to go teach his siblings.
He said he had to go teach his younger siblings?
Just in case, I asked him if there were any rumors or mysterious places in Bifron, but he said there weren't any.
“There really is nothing here…,” 
The more I investigate, the more impatient I become. Honestly, I thought I'd find something if I really looked around the city.
“Bersil, what about communication with the outside? Still difficult?”
“Yes, it's not easy. The protective magic circle itself is a phenomenon similar to dimensional isolation when you look at the results…,”
“I see.”
“The only way to communicate is through physical means, but even if we wave flags from the city walls, they won’t pay attention. For some reason, all the houses near the walls are empty, and there’s no one on the streets. It’s as if they all evacuated.”
“Evacuation…,”
The longer the investigation goes on, the more curious I become about the situation outside than the one inside.  Huu, I wonder how I can get some information. If community communication hadn’t been shut down, I would have prepared for this moment.
Day after day, week after week…
Time passed without any significant progress, and the explorers who came with me to Bifron grew accustomed to this place.
Since we couldn’t sleep in the plaza, we stayed at the residents’ houses. In return, we repaired their shabby homes, shared items from outside, and the priests healed the sick. As this exchange continued, the initial hesitation, where they treated the residents here like plague victims, gradually disappeared.
As someone who once ruled Bifron, this was a very welcome sight.
However…
Thump-
The more these peaceful days continued, the more uneasy I felt. There’s no progress in my investigation.  In this situation, with neither the Royal Family nor the Noirark taking any action, I can’t help but have these strange thoughts.
Swoosh.
I got out of bed, grabbed my coat, and went outside. My body felt stiff, and I couldn’t sleep even with my eyes closed, so I decided to take a walk.
Thump, thump.
Bifron, though somewhat cleaner now, looked different at night. The streets were too dark. 
It was an inevitable characteristic of a city with a severe shortage of resources.
“Well, at least it’s atmospheric and quiet.”
As I walked along the night street, I eventually reached the outer city wall. I wasn’t planning to come here specifically. I thought about turning back, but I was somehow curious about what the outside looked like at night. So I climbed all the way to the top of the wall.
Swoosh!
The fresh night air blew through. 
But the night view from the city wall was completely different from what I expected.
“I can’t see anything.”
Only absolute darkness lay beneath. Looking down, I felt like something from within might leap out and drag me in.
“…The sky is just black, too.”
I must have picked the wrong night, because there weren’t many stars. I was about to turn around and go home, after just enjoying the breeze for a bit, when…
Thump.
I sensed a presence behind me. It was unmistakable, even with my dull Barbarian senses.
Whir.
I turned around, and a shadowy figure, their body shrouded in a hood, stood on the city wall like a ghost.
“Baron Yandell, listen.”
I didn’t need to ask who they were. The wind was blowing fiercely at the time.
Swoosh!
Through the gap in the hood, I saw light armor, a dagger on their belt, and that they were a woman.
“What are the Rose Knights doing here?”
I asked casually, and the woman pulled out a rolled-up scroll from her pocket and unfurled it.
“Royal command.”
Huh, what’s going on in the middle of the night?
***
The Royal command delivered by the Rose Knight, who had suddenly appeared on this moonless night, was quite simple.
To summarize…
“The checkpoint in the 4th district will be temporarily opened. So, get out while you can, right?”
“My duty is to deliver the message.”
“Ugh, stop being so stiff.”
I tried to joke, but she only remained silent, refraining from any response. Is she the type to avoid conversations outside her job? 
Well, that doesn’t mean there’s nothing I can do.
“Isn't delivering the King’s message your job? So answer me. The scroll says that I should take myself and the explorer residents from the 7th district…,” 
“What is it that you wish to ask?”
“Are we supposed to leave the residents of Bifron behind?”
“Affirmative.”
“Why?”
“A peculiar question. They do not have permission to enter the residential areas.”
“What if they said they were coming with us?”
“Such a hypothetical situation is meaningless. As I stated, they do not have permission to enter.”
In simpler terms, they’re going to stop us no matter what. And the problem is that this isn’t the type of person I can force my way past.
“Or are you planning to rebel against the Royal command?”
“Of course not. I was just curious.”
“Then it’s settled. Go to the checkpoint with the explorers from the 7th district, at the time mentioned in the scroll.”
I tried asking other questions, but I couldn't get a decent answer.
“Why is the checkpoint in the 4th district still closed? They could have attacked the 7th and 13th districts through Bifron.”
“I do not know.”
“When did you start knowing we were in Bifron?”
“I do not know.”
“The Noirark seems to be trying something with Bifron. Does the Royal Family know?”
“I do not know.”
“You don’t know anything?”
I said sarcastically, annoyed. But she just chuckled, unfazed.
But I wouldn’t give up.
“What’s your name? You must have a name, right?”
“I do not know.”
Huh, this woman is a piece of work.
Realizing she was a formidable opponent, I became a little more provocative.
“What happens if we don’t go to the checkpoint at the appointed time? I’m not saying that we’re defying the Royal command, but anything could happen. Maybe something will prevent us from going.”
She didn’t react to my words. She seemed to ponder for a moment…
“Do you see that star over there?”
She pointed to the night sky with her index finger.
“So?”
“From up there, I imagine we’d look just as small. Even you, Baron, the one they call the giant.”
What’s this woman trying to say?
I pretended to be confused, but I sort of understand. From the Royal Family’s point of view, I’m nothing but a speck.
“The only thing Baron needs to know is that he should obey the Royal command and bring the people to the checkpoint on time.”
Most people would back down at such a blunt remark, but I, being a Barbarian, tilted my head in confusion.
“So what happens if we can’t go?”
Since you don’t understand, I don’t understand you either.
She seemed either irritated or amused by my persistence. She stared at me intently, and coldly replied.
“You must come. Even if it’s for your own sake.”
An authoritative statement without any explanation. But I sensed something through those final words. 
I can’t explain it, but…
“You guys…,”
“…”
“Are you planning to blow up Bifron?”
This kind of gut feeling is usually right.
]]] 