##  Reconstruction (1)
“A retainer…?”
A woman, her identity unknown, chuckled with a hint of disbelief as she questioned me. 
“Do you really think this makes sense, Baron?”
Thinking back, it was a question I'd heard often in my life as a Barbarian. My answer, though, would be no different than it had been then.
“Huh? What wouldn't make sense?”
I scratched my ear with my thumb and replied, causing her to frown. 
“A number nearing ten thousand—!”
“Well, to be exact, it’s 8,712.”
“What difference does that make?  Even in the past, no grand noble family, not even the wealthiest, had a retinue of that size.”
“Oh, really?” 
I exclaimed with genuine excitement, my face splitting into a wide grin. 
“Then I’ll be the first!”
I even mumbled to myself, loud enough for everyone to hear, wondering if this was something that could be recorded on the Stone of Honor.  But the woman, who looked as if she couldn’t shed a single tear, completely ignored my muttered thoughts. Then... 
“Is Baron Yandell planning on raising a private army?”
She asked, her tone sharp as a seasoned swordsman piercing through a gap in his opponent’s defense. 
This time, it was a sensitive question that I couldn’t simply brush aside with a lighthearted response. If I answered in a manner suggesting that “a private army? Why not!”, my intentions would be misconstrued and misinterpreted.  At worst, I could be framed for plotting treason. Therefore...
“Of course not. I have no intention of raising a private army. I swear it on my name and my honor as a warrior.”
I declared this one truth above all others, cutting through the air with my voice. 
Of course, this woman didn’t even flinch. 
“Instead of an oath, give me an explanation. Why do you need so many retainers?”
She was so rigid. 
I clicked my tongue, muttering under my breath, but I decided to answer her question.
“Well…it’s always good to have a lot of retainers, isn’t it? I’ve always liked a lively atmosphere…,” 
“Lively?  Is that what you call a retinue of nine thousand?”
“It’s 8,712, not nine thousand. And it’s not just about having a lot of people, it’s about having the right people. For example, this Kayna Elmoshi, listed in this document—Oh! It says she’s an assistant cook!” 
“Baron, do you think we’re really going to believe that?”
Well, it’s not like I expect them to believe me. I know it’s an excuse no one would buy. 
But so what?
“Believe it or not, it doesn't matter to you. It’s not your concern.”
“...!”
“Honestly, I don’t understand why you're suddenly making a fuss.  Yesterday you said you'd follow the King’s orders, right? They’ve become my retainers, and they have the legal right to enter.  Why are you trying to block them?”
My brazenness left the woman speechless.  It was time to exert some pressure. Therefore...
“Human woman, make up your mind.”
“...?”
“If you’re going to judge, judge.” 
I lowered my voice, continuing my statement.
“And if you’re going to talk, then talk.”
Advice in the Barbarian style: If you’re a tool, act like one.
The woman’s expression didn’t change much at this, but perhaps she took my advice to heart.
“...!”
“...!”
An awkward silence filled the air, even the knights guarding the checkpoint were rolling their eyes and stealing glances at each other. Finally, after a long pause, she spoke.
“Baron…”
“Baron?”
“…you will regret today’s choice.”
Oh, so that’s what she was going to say. 
It’s a familiar line, too.  People always make these ominous predictions whenever things don’t go their way. 
“Oh, you’re not a knight, you’re a fortune teller?”
I rubbed salt in the wound one last time, causing her to glare at me before turning to her knights.
“…Clear the way!”
Whew, I got through another hurdle.
***
The fourth ward of the commercial city, Kommelbi. 
This place was usually bustling with shops and people, but the fourth ward I entered through the checkpoint was completely different.  Every shop was closed, and there wasn’t a single soul to be seen. 
“Human woman, what’s going on here?” 
“…The fourth ward is temporarily closed for the safety of the citizens.”
“Which other wards are closed?”
“Only the fourth ward is closed.”
I blinked, doubting my ears.
“…What?”
Her words didn't make sense.  The third ward, bordering the thirteenth ward occupied by Noark, and the fifth ward, bordering the seventh ward, were not closed.
‘But the fourth ward, which borders Bifron, is closed? For safety reasons?’
It was difficult to comprehend, but even when I pressed her for details, she refused to provide a proper explanation. 
“You’ll hear the rest from the Chancellor. As the Baron said, I’m not one who judges.”
“Chancellor? We’re going to the Chancellor now?”
“Yes.”
No matter what I asked, she would simply repeat that I should ask the Chancellor directly.  Our conversation came to a standstill.  
We arrived at the fourth ward plaza and set up a shelter for the residents of Bifron and those fleeing from the seventh ward.  
They told us that determining our treatment would take time and we should stay here until then.
“Whew…”
“…It's the first time I’ve ever seen the Plaza of Freedom so empty.”
But despite the royal treatment, the people didn't seem too bothered.  They simply accepted the situation as it was, as if it were commonplace. 
“Baron, the Chancellor awaits you. This way.”
With the situation on the plaza under control, I followed the woman as she led me away from the square.  We arrived at a high-end residence, not far from the plaza.  And...
“The Chancellor will contact you shortly. Just wait.”
As expected, the room did not contain the Chancellor, but a crystal ball for communication, capable of video calls. 
*Zzzing*
The woman left, leaving me alone in the room.  Soon, the crystal ball vibrated. I pressed the accept button, and the face of a familiar man appeared on the screen.
[Long time no see, Baron Yandell.]
“Long time no see, Duke Tercession.”
[I apologize for not being able to meet you in person.  It’s difficult to leave my post in times of war.]
As if.  How long does it take to get from the Imperial City of Curnon to here?  And this human can even ride military magic circles at will.  
It made me want to scoff, but I forced myself to speak. 
“I understand.  And I’m not offended, so don’t worry.”
[I’m glad to hear that.]
“So, did all the expedition members who went to the First Floor return safely?”
[They all returned to the city safely, and they have completed all reports concerning the expedition.  It was thanks to them that we learned you were in the seventh ward.]
“Hmm… I see.”
I didn’t enjoy lengthy introductions, but this time, I was eager to gather information from the conversation.  I decided to continue. 
“Then how did you know we were in Bifron?”
[We learned through an agent we had secretly infiltrated the seventh ward. I heard you declared your intention to go to Bifron in front of everyone… Why did you do that? I heard they’re going to let you go.]
This was one of the questions I was expecting, so I answered immediately, without hesitation.
“How could I trust their word?  Moreover, after talking to them, I realized they were planning something suspicious using Bifron.”
[Suspicious?  Did you find out anything while you were there?]
“I’ve been investigating for a few days, but unfortunately, I haven’t found out anything yet.”
[I see…  Well, I’ll make sure to relay your information to the Strategic Office, as it seems Noark is plotting something involving Bifron.]
“Oh, well, that’s good.”
We fell into a brief silence after my words, and I seized the opportunity to ask what I was curious about.
“What happened to Sainthread?”
[Sainthread is also safe.  Thanks to his unique ability, he woke up safely and was able to tell us what happened there.]
So, the Village Chief survived and came back.  It would’ve been much nicer if something went wrong and he just died.
[Speaking of which, I hear you, Baron Yandell, led the expedition after Sainthread fell into that state.]
“Ah, it just happened that way.  Everyone had to get out alive.”
[Good job. Very good.  You’ve done a great service.]
“Oh, then I can get a promotion too?”
[…That’s a conversation for another time.  There will be a reward ceremony for the expedition members eventually, but we’re in the middle of a war right now.]
In other words, rewards will be handed out after the Noark invasion is over.  
I didn’t say anything else, as it was a perfectly reasonable explanation.
‘Well, that was enough for the introduction… time for the real topic.’
It was time to get to the point.  
But just as I was about to open my mouth, the Duke brought it up himself. 
[By the way, I hear you’ve taken in the Bifron residents as retainers….]
This old man always loved introductions.  It seemed his impatience had finally gotten the best of him. 
[Are you not going to send them back?]
“Send them back?  Did I do something illegal?”
[No, not at all.  But… it’s not exactly a welcome sight for us to have them all outside.  You’re a noble, so you should know.]
You’re a noble, so you should know.
This means that now that you’re a noble, you should abandon any personal feelings and act for the benefit of the royal family.  
“Well, if you’d told me that before, maybe.  But it’s too late now. I’ve already taken them in as retainers, so what am I supposed to do?”
[You could just kick them out.]
“Sorry, but I’m not good at telling people what they don’t want to hear.  It’ll be difficult.”
[…You?]
The Duke burst out laughing, as if I had just said something outrageous. 
Oh, I’m so delicate and introverted.
“Anyway, if it’s not illegal, then it’s settled.  Let’s drop it.  It’s a done deal.”
[…Baron, I’m just worried about you.]
Worried, my ass.  You’d be the happiest person if I died somewhere.
“I appreciate your concern, but I’ll figure it out and deal with it myself.”
[…….]
“So, what are you going to do about Bifron?”
While the Duke was most concerned with the disposition of the residents, this was the main topic for me.  
What was the royal family planning to do with Bifron?
[I can’t divulge military intelligence, but I can tell you this—it shouldn’t be a secret to you, Baron. I think you’ve probably already guessed.]
“If I’ve already guessed…,”
[Right. We’re going to wipe Bifron off the map. The moment Noark infiltrates, that is.]
He spoke calmly, but his words were cold and cruel. 
They were planning to wipe out Bifron, yet they wanted me to send the Bifron residents back to their homes.
‘…What the hell do these people think of human lives?’
I was suddenly struck by the barbarity of this world.  But in the end, I was probably just as bad, when you think about it from a distance.  Besides, this wasn’t something I needed to worry about right now.
“Hold on.  You mean you’re going to lure Noark there? Do you even know what they’re planning to do in Bifron?”
[We don’t know.  But we expected them to run there if we kept the pressure on them.]
The Duke said he didn't know, but I wasn’t so naive as to believe him.  Looking at the deployment of troops, it was clear that neither the royal family nor Noark were acting normally.
‘There’s a secret they can’t tell me….’
It only made me more curious. 
[In any case, that’s why we were trying to get you out of there as quickly as possible.]
Honestly, that part still doesn’t make sense.  If I were the Duke, I would’ve just blown up Noark and me together.  Why did he go out of his way to save me?
That question was partially answered by the conversation that followed.
[Oh, right. I haven’t told you this yet.  You have most of the items we recovered from the First Floor, right?]
“Ah, right.”
[Right…?]
The Duke frowned at my past tense, but apparently, he chalked it up to a simple communication error and didn’t ask further. He continued. 
[Leave the items we recovered from the expedition in this room when you leave.  They are all valuable assets of the royal family, and you will get your share of them during the reward ceremony.]
The moment I heard that, I lowered my head.  
It was all those spoils we obtained from the First Floor.  I never imagined that was why he rescued me.
[…Why are you suddenly bowing your head?]
My face would’ve given me away if we locked eyes.
“...I’m sorry, Duke.”
I used it all.  