##  The Reconstruction (2)
"I'm sorry," I said, my head bowed low. The Duke questioned me.
“….Sorry? What do you mean?”
“….”
“Speak up. I don’t understand what you’re saying.”
Thinking it would be faster to show him than explain, I began pulling out the items I’d acquired during the exploration of the lower levels, carefully stacking them in the room.
And….
“Why did you stop suddenly?”
“That’s all.”
“What are you talking about? I heard you brought back over a hundred vials of essence alone.”
Ah, that. 
“…That’s what I thought.”
“….”
The Duke was speechless, finally realizing why I’d used the past tense earlier. 
However, was he still curious about the reason?
“…What happened?”
“Duke, it’s obvious now that you’re the type to value the process more than the results.”
“I say this because it could truly put you in a difficult position. Don’t answer me flippantly.”
Okay, enough teasing….
I began weaving a long, elaborate excuse. While uncharacteristic of a barbarian, it could be summarized in a single sentence.
“…You needed to increase your power to escape the city. So, you gave away those precious essences to the explorers in Zone 7?”
“That’s what I thought.”
“My God… This is beyond ludicrous.”
“What’s so ludicrous? If we failed to escape the city and were captured by them, we would’ve lost everything anyway.”
It’s better than them falling into the enemy’s hands, right? 
While muttering these words under my breath, the Duke on the other side of the videophone clutched his forehead, looking troubled.
“This matter… will be brought up again at the royal council. It’s true that the Baron rescued the explorers in Zone 7. We need to discuss whether the merit outweighs the demerit.”
In other words, they need time to verify if my words were true. 
Well, even if they investigated, the testimonies wouldn’t change.
“So, please refrain from any further incidents until the situation calms down.”
Anyway, the last part didn’t sound like aristocratic language, it seemed sincere.
“Understood. I’ll stay quiet so don’t worry.”
“….I heard what I wanted to hear, but why do I feel even more uneasy?”
“Well, maybe it’s because you have a narrow mind, Duke.”
“…..?”
Ah, should’ve sympathized and offered comfort?
That wasn’t my area of expertise, so I quickly changed the topic.
“Oh! So, what about the explorers and my retainers currently at the plaza? Should they just continue staying there?”
“For now, they must remain there, however uncomfortable it may be. The situation will be resolved within a few days.”
“Within a few days…….”
Judging by his words, he truly believes that everything will be settled soon.
Of course, I wasn’t saying that I didn’t believe him. 
As the second-in-command of the royal family, he wouldn’t say that without reason.
“Understood. Then, we’ll return and wait for news.”
With that, our conversation ended. 
Time flew by as we were back at the plaza, leading our people in their life on the street.
“Did everyone hear? It seems that most of the hostages have been released by the Noark forces due to the pressure from the royal army!”
One day.
“The Noark forces who occupied Zone 7 and Zone 13 are being pushed back by the royal army!”
Two days.
“Zone 13 has been reclaimed!”
Three days.
“The dog bastards fled Zone 7 and are escaping to Bifron!”
“Woooooo!!”
Four days…..
The urgent battlefield updates were reported every day, yet there were no explosions from Bifron.
However.
Drrrrrrrr-
On the fifth day.
“Wh, what is that!?”
Instinctively, we knew.
Whatever the royal family’s plan was.
“B, Bifron’s protective magic circle is turning black……!”
Something is definitely going wrong.
***
The final bastion, Lapdonia.
This massive city-state has a protective magic circle, a legacy of the Great Sage, spread throughout the city.
Since the witch’s poison was a lie, there was some doubt as to whether the magic circle really existed. 
‘It was real after all.’
A few days ago, Erwen’s arrow proved the magic circle’s existence. 
It’s invisible to the naked eye because it’s transparent, but it firmly envelopes this city, still separating the city from the outside world based on the walls.
‘This is more like a confinement magic circle than a protective one, though.’
Anyway.
This isn’t what’s important.
“Wh, what’s happening?”
“Does anyone know?”
“Is it because of the witch’s poison?”
The protective magic circle covering Bifron turned black with vibrations that traveled through the ground.
Should I call it the appearance of aliens invading and imprisoning a certain area by creating a dome?
Of course, it’s also possible that this was the royal family’s plan from the start.
However.
“Yandel, something’s not right with the army’s movements.”
It just felt off, judging by the atmosphere.
“Wait, I’ll find out.”
I requested a private audience with the Duke, feeling something was wrong. But, he refused, saying he was busy. It took another few days for me to finally get in touch with him.
“You’ve gotten so thin.”
The Duke, on the other side of the videophone, looked like he’d lost at least a few kilograms. He must’ve been busy lately.
“Things aren’t going smoothly, huh?”
“….I can’t tell you the specifics, as it’s military classified information, but, yes.”
“Come on, tell me something. Bifron is suddenly in this state.”
“….You’ll hear about it once things get settled. You’re a noble with a title in Lapdonia, after all. But, let me tell you one thing. The Noark forces won’t be getting out of there anytime soon.”
“That’s good then….”
I really wanted to know what was going on, but I gave up. I couldn’t pry it out of him no matter how much I tried.
“So what about us? Do we have to stay here?”
“No need for that. Zone 4 will return to normal starting tomorrow.”
“So we’re free now?”
“Yes. Zone 7 is also open now, so you can go there if you want.”
“What about the retainers we brought from Bifron? Are they okay too?”
“Ah, that was a deeply debated topic as well.  ….But, we’ve decided not to make a fuss about it. As long as you keep them as your retainers.”
“What if they aren’t retainers?”
“They’ll be executed. We can’t send them back to Bifron, so that’s the only option.”
They’ll be executed if they’re not retainers.
That was a pretty extreme measure, but it was a surprisingly cool approval, not like the usual conservative decisions of the royal family.
Well, it’s not like they’re stupid.
“Ah, and since they’ll be staying within the city, they will have to pay taxes going forward.”
Huh, that’s why they readily agreed.
“How much?”
“The same as regular citizens. The same applies to minors; their taxes are waived as well.”
That was at least a relief.
If not for the condition attached.
“Ah, just so you know. Bifron residents can’t hold any jobs that require military training. Just in case you misunderstand, that includes explorers.”
In simpler terms, they can’t use the strategy of training talented youngsters as explorers so a small number can protect the majority.
“As someone who sat in the position of Chancellor for a long time, may I offer some advice?”
“Go ahead.”
“Cut them. As much as you can.”
“….”
“What value do such useless humans have?”
That was a Chancellor-like piece of advice.
This city itself has a culture that deems those who cannot pay taxes worthless.
From the Duke’s perspective, who manages the nation’s overall finances, Bifron residents would look like nothing but trash.
However.
“Oh, thanks for the advice. I’ll listen with one ear and let it all out the other.”
It’s a barbarian’s belief to not accept this kind of meddling.
“…..”
We chatted a few more times before the Duke excused himself, saying he was busy. That was the end of our conversation.
After returning to the plaza, we led the people from Zone 7 and Bifron, who were living on the streets, into Zone 7, now in ruins.
‘….We’re back here again.’
Zone 7, where we had fled to Bifron and then lived as refugees in Zone 4, before coming back.
‘They’ve really destroyed the place.’
It wasn’t an exaggeration that the royal army had pushed them back. The state of Zone 7 was beyond anything compared to the last time we were here.
The buildings along the ruined street were covered in bloodstains and remnants of combat.
Also, the makeshift camps, presumably used by the soldiers, were left abandoned and unattended.
“Oh no! My store……! My store……!!!”
“Mother! Mother! I’m here! Here! You’re safe!”
We found many residents who had fled to other areas upon Zone 7’s liberation, now returning home.
“I, I will be on my way now.”
“I, I’m curious if my house is still intact…….”
“Thank you for saving us. I will never forget this kindness, Baron!”
As we arrived in Zone 7, the explorers who were originally from this zone naturally dispersed, leaving only 8,712 Bifron residents and my companions behind.
“…Yandel, where are we going?”
“To the holy site.”
“Well… it’s true you need to check that out, too.”
Amelia understood my situation, but the truth is, I had another reason for going to the holy site.
While I was worried about the holy site….
‘I need to find a place to sleep tonight first.’
If I couldn’t find anything, I wouldn’t mind sleeping on the street in Zone 7. But, if I had to, I’d rather sleep at the holy site.
Well, that was the plan….
“Biyorn, nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng!”
Upon arriving at the holy site, I immediately regretted coming.
“Why are you just coming now, nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng!!!”
“….Long time no see, Shabin Emue. How’ve you been? Let me just put this down—.”
“Don’t let go! You’re going to disappear for another few months if you do! No! I won’t let you!”
Shabin, who was in charge of our tribe’s administration, seemed incredibly stressed, not only because she’d been taking care of everything by herself for months, but also because she’d been trapped at the holy site since the Noark invasion began.
However….
“It would be best to put it down and talk first.”
“…What? Ah… yes….”
Amelia spoke in a business-like tone and forcibly removed the thing from Shabin’s hands, who seemed to come back to her senses somewhat.
In terms of boss battles, she’s in a sort of groggy state.
Based on experience, it was time to apologize quickly.
“Shabin, I’m sorry. I really didn’t expect to be back this late.”
“….I know about your situation. I was worried a lot about you.”
“I’m sorry for worrying you—.”
Just as our conversation started to turn positive, Shabin abruptly cut me off and asked.
“But why are those people here? Who are they?”
Shabin was looking at the 8,712 residents standing awkwardly behind me.
I was in a bit of a bind.
“Ah, uh, well….”
How should I explain this?
Ah, I’ll just change the topic first.
“S, so, how is the holy site? It looks like it’s changed a lot….”
“We finished a quarter of the holy site development plan while you were gone. Thanks to that, we’re also well-off financially.”
“Oh, we’re well-off, that’s good.”
I noticed it on our way here, with new roads and buildings all over the place.
“So, who are those people?”
“They’re from Bifron. They became my family’s retainers a few days ago.”
“Are all those people retainers……?”
Her eyes seemed to say “what kind of bullshit is that?”, and I instinctively lowered my voice.
“….There were reasons.”
“….”
She seemed uneasy, and cautiously asked me.
“So why did you bring them? Those retainers?”
“They had nowhere to go. I’m going to let them stay here for a while.”
“Oh, I see.”
She nodded in a lifeless manner, then asked me again.
“Then what about the land they’ll live on? Their clothes? The budget?”
Ah, about that….
The Minister of Economy will take care of that.
Ah, so in our terms, it’d be….
“Our Chief Administrative Officer will take care of that.”
“…Chief Administrative Officer?”
Shabin Emue tilted her head, seeming confused about the position.
And…
Thump.
I tapped her shoulder and said,
“Yes, Chief Administrative Officer.”
You just got promoted. 