## Chapter 639: Political Marriage (3)
The research on the new essences had actually been completed mostly during our time on the first floor, but I still handed over all my essences to Raven.
All mages are perverts, in my opinion. 
They find joy in uncovering the unknown, but they also enjoy the process of researching itself.  Think about chewing gum. Some people spit it out as soon as the flavor is gone, while others love the act of chewing and do it all day long. 
Therefore, it was better to simply let Raven store the essences than to expect any additional discoveries through further research.  And if some results did come up, that would be a bonus.
"I'll do my best to study this then," Raven said. 
I decided to think of it as simply leaving the essences with her.
"Oh, by the way, what was written in that letter? It said you had something to tell me."
"Right, how could I forget? It's the essence of Hyprama's enchantments, Ainar obtained during her exploration. I think I've figured out the embodied ability we couldn't understand."
"Really?"
"After returning to the city, I compared the numerical data I gathered with other existing records, and I found something similar."
"So, what is this embodied ability?"
Raven clasped her arms, spreading her small shoulders wide. 
"Do you know the third-tier monster, 'Lamangsis'?" she asked with a smug voice. 
To be honest, I didn't understand. How could she look down on me with that small stature?  Perhaps the answer lay in her chin jutting out towards the ceiling.
"Ah, it's only natural you don't know," she said.
"What's that supposed to mean?" I asked.
"It's because Lamangsis…" 
"Is a rare monster that comes out of the rift on the ninth floor?" 
Raven flinched.
"How…?"
The angle of her chin, which had been raised towards the ceiling, seemed to have lessened.
"You… knew that?"
Of course I knew that. I chuckled at her cute demeanor.
"But you only know half of it! Lamangsis can't be found even in the ninth floor rift through normal methods," Raven said, returning to her usual tone.
"I figured. It's a monster you can only encounter by using Gabrielius's hidden arrangement within the rift."
With the natural sociability of a Barbarian, I nodded and continued our conversation.
But what was this now?
Raven, who had been so talkative, fell silent again. Her chin, previously raised high, was now lowered significantly, losing the feeling of her looking down at me. 
Raven cautiously spoke.
"Do you… perhaps know… what that arrangement is…?"
"And?" I asked.
Raven's eyes widened.
"You don't… know?"
Silence, as always, served as an answer.
"Huh."
I wasn't disappointed.
What? She looked down at me even though she didn't know that? 
"Of course I don't! How can such high-level information be in books? Even data about the ability of essences is incredibly valuable. Besides, even if you searched for people who had this essence, there would only be a handful in history... Why are you looking at me like that?" 
"Hmm..."
"It's just, it's not like I'm asking you to explain the theory of relativity, you know…" 
Raven was late to realize, but at some point, the dynamic between us had shifted. I was now the one clasping my arms and looking down at her, while she looked at the ground with a defeated demeanor.
She tried hard to gather her voice and speak. 
"So…," she said.
"What?" I asked.
"What... is that arrangement?" 
Such a mage.
She was still curious, even in this situation.
***
After I finished explaining about the hidden secrets of the ninth floor rift, Raven explained Lamangsis's passive skill, as a form of reward. 
Even though I already knew the story, I decided to play along.
'This is just how society works.'
This time, I deliberately didn't interrupt her explanation, listening intently.
"Lamangsis's embodied ability is [Close Friends]. It sounds simple, but it turned out to be a very unique ability."
Well, I didn't know about that...
[Close Friends] had more to do with the unusual trigger conditions rather than being unique itself.
"It's definitely a support-type ability, as we guessed. It grants a powerful blessing to one target nearby, as well as to itself."
"Oh?"
"However, this embodied ability can't be activated at will. It's not active even in normal times. It must meet certain conditions for it to activate…," Raven said.
"Conditions?"
"I'm not entirely sure what they are. But based on the records of past owners, it seems to activate overwhelmingly often between a man and a woman… and they usually share a very long history together."
I thought so.
For [Close Friends] to activate, the essence owner needs to have their 'affinity' level maxed out with a single target.
That's why I fed this essence to female companions whenever it dropped and showered them with flowers to increase their affinity.
By the way, the Player Character couldn't use this essence.
The system didn't allow players to have affinity with NPCs.
'So, does that mean I can use this essence directly now?' 
A gamer's curiosity had been triggered for the first time in a long time, but that didn't mean I wanted to use [Close Friends] myself. 
First of all, I didn't have any space left, and...
In terms of efficiency, it's more beneficial to feed it to a companion and increase their affinity...
'…That sounds like such a horrible thing to do, though?'
Anyway, knowing its passive skill made it feel like a useless item.
It's a good skill with performance exceeding its tier once it activates, but...
'Can it even be activated?'
It's not easy to reach 100% affinity in the game.
Actually, it's practically impossible between the same genders. 
As you level up your affinity, you inevitably hit a wall at 90%, and you need some kind of sweet, romantic events between opposite genders for it to slowly increase.
But...
'Ainar...?'
I couldn't imagine Ainar getting involved with another man.
Even myself, we are just close friends, after all.
"So, my guess is that it only activates between lovers, not just any man and woman… No, I'm trying to explain this seriously, but what are you thinking about so hard?"
"Ah, I was just wondering how to activate this ability."
"That's true," Raven said.
It was a difficult problem.
It's a shame to discard the skill... 
But I can't possibly shower Ainar with cream buns every day and flirt to activate [Close Friends].
'…I might as well think of this as a non-existent skill.'
I decided to simply seal [Close Friends] away in my mind. 
Even without that passive skill, the essence was already pretty good.
"Anyway, thanks, Raven."
"Don't mention it. I couldn't really be of much help."
"Still, we figured out that it's not a negative ability. That alone is a huge relief."
"Well… that's true."
Does she want to hear thanks or compliments? I had no idea, but after our first business was settled, we spent some time chatting about various things.
And then somehow, it turned into a discussion about getting an examination, so I ended up sitting in that chair, which I often sat in before, becoming a test subject.
I was getting hungry during the process, so we had dinner at the Tower's cafeteria. 
"Wow, time really flies. It must be dark outside already," Raven said.
"Well, there are no windows, so I can't tell. Oh, by the way, Raven, can I borrow a communication crystal for a moment?"
"Who are you trying to contact?"
"I need to contact the Sanctuary. If you can get through, please tell them that I'll be staying at your lab tonight because of today's research and will head straight to tomorrow's schedule from here."
Raven tilted her head at my request.
"But there's no research you need to do today, Mr. Yandel."
She's really clueless about important matters.
"Just do as I say," I said.
"But... I mean, that's not difficult, but..." 
Raven looked up at me with curious eyes.
"Why do you need to do that?"
I didn't want to bring up the marriage issue and stir up trouble, so I decided to tell her a half-truth.
"Just…," I said.
"Just?" she asked.
"I don't want to go home today," I said.
"You want to… sleep over?"
I don't want to go out and find a hotel room, you know. 
***
The next morning, I woke up on the makeshift blanket I had thrown down.  Raven, who had slept in a proper bed in a corner of the lab, woke me up by kicking me.
"Wake up. How long are you going to sleep? You're going to be late. You said you had an important schedule today, right?"
"Ah..."
"Was it uncomfortable sleeping here?"
"Not at all. The floor was warm and perfect. Oh, have you already washed up?"
"Of course I washed up. I just got up, I'm not going to stay dirty." 
Well, I always looked like I hadn't showered in days whenever I left the lab.
Did she become sensitive about these things after becoming a soldier?
"Anyway, I've had a good night's stay. I'll come again later."
"No. Don't come again. It's just tiring." 
"Huh? Tiring? Didn't you go to sleep early last night?"
"That's not what I mean! You need to get back to work. Now go!" 
Raven chased me out of the Tower, and from there, I took a carriage from a nearby station to my destination, the imperial city of Karnon.
Because today was the day.
Humans, Dwarves, Elves.
And Barbarians, Beastmen, and Dragonkin.
The day of the Interracial Council, where the leaders of the six races that make up the grand city of Raphdonia gather and discuss matters.
'I didn't think I'd be visiting here for the first time now.'
I had become the Chief of the Tribe a long time ago, but I was attending the Interracial Council for the first time. I had seen the building where the Council was held many times as I passed by.
The exotic building, with its six pillars supporting the roof, reminded me of a Roman temple and was impossible to miss.
'…I have some time left.'
Since Raven chased me out so early in the morning, I had some time left, so I went into a nearby restaurant to eat.
The prices were much higher than I expected for a restaurant in Karnon, but...
Well, what can you do?  I had to eat since I was hungry.
'I'm sure they won't cover my meal expenses.'
After finishing my meal, I patted my stomach and went inside the building where the Council was held.
"Chief Bjorn Yandel, are you alone?"
"What about it?"
"No, there is no problem. Please come in. The others are waiting for you."
The guards stationed at the entrance were all from different races.  But for some reason, there were no Barbarians.
'Did they station their own soldiers?'
I didn't remember this from the previous Chief. 
Could he have forgotten to tell me?
It wouldn't be surprising, considering him.
"Thank you for your hard work," I said.
After giving encouragement to the guards at the entrance, I walked inside. Soon, I could see the gathered figures in the central area.
The bigwigs representing each of the six races.
But, surprisingly, two familiar faces stood out among them.
The Dragonkin leader, the Dragonkin dude.
And...
'I guess they sent the Red Cat Tribe representative this time.' 
The direct bloodline of the Red Cat Tribe.
The head of the Kalstain Family, and Misha's...
'Technically, not her real dad, right?'
Regardless, he was the one who held the position of her father on the family tree.
"Long time no see. I never imagined I would see you here again," he said.
"I understand. I've known for a long time that you guys are lacking in imagination."
"Are you still holding a grudge against me?" he asked.
"Of course not."
I didn't actually have any grudges.
I was nothing but a naive rookie back then.
Well, now I'm at a position where he can't just talk down to me. 
"Enough with the personal conversations. Bjorn, son of Yandel, why don't you take a seat?" 
The Elf leader's words made me glance around.
It was a place where bigwigs gathered, but I felt no discomfort. 
The reason was simple.
'They use… round tables here, too?'
The Council room had a large round table.  
I took a seat at the empty spot that seemed to be mine, rested my chin on my hand, and tapped the armrest with my index finger.
Even though this was my first Council meeting, I felt confident for some reason. 
툭툭. 