## Chapter 640: Strategic Marriage (4)
The dragon-man, the leader of the dragon-kin.
The head of the Calstain family, the leader of the beast-kin.
Everyone else was meeting for the first time, but it wasn’t hard to tell who was who without introductions.
“Ha-ha, it's a shame it took so long to meet. I've heard many tales about you through Titana. I owe you a great debt, wouldn't you say?”
“Debt? The debt's on your side, Aquaraba.”
“Ha-ha! You're humbler than the rumors.”
Dumoka Malaku Izhor, the dwarf.
Ah, ‘Dumoka’ means 'deciding hammer' in the ancient language. It's just a title for the clan leader.
‘Anyway, I heard this old man isn't a former explorer.’
That's one of Malaku Izhor’s unusual traits.
If you look at the historical records, including the clan leaders here, most of them have been former explorers. But this old man ascended to that position solely on his reputation.
‘Reputation, my ass. It means he’s a political genius.’
In this world, you can't take people who seem nice at face value.
It just means they’re someone who has the ability to protect themselves without resorting to anger or frustration.
Unlike that grumpy elf.
"Bjorn, son of Yandell, our meeting has been postponed several times due to your absence."
"So?"
"I'd like to hear your reason for being late to this meeting."
"Oh, that? I arrived too early, so I was having lunch in front of the building and got late."
"...Lunch?"
"Why? Don't you eat?"
"..."
The elf leader—no, maybe it’s ‘Ragsian’ that’s more appropriate—was speechless, apparently dumbfounded by the absurdity.
‘Speaking of which, everyone except the barbarian has a fancy name, huh?
Why does the barbarian use a simple job title like ‘clan leader’?’
I briefly wondered, but I decided it wasn’t important and dismissed the thought.
Ironically, it made sense when I thought about it.
‘…Ah, that’s why they just stay as clan leader.’
Why bother changing it? Clan leader is enough.
It’s also the most straightforward.
"That child…."
As I was thinking that the posturing was finally over, the elf representative, a handsome figure no matter how you looked at it, spoke.
“How is that child…?”
“…Are you talking about Erwen?”
"Who else would it be?"
Damn, he looks kind but why does his voice have such an edge to it?
“Don’t worry. She’s doing well in our sanctuary.”
I answered cautiously, thinking about Erwen's elders.
But what’s this?
"With the other ladies, you mean?"
"Other ladies…?"
I asked for clarification, but all I got was more incomprehensible nonsense.
"That child is special, even within our clan. Not just because she’s the pureblood heir, but because everyone loves her dearly."
“…So?"
"If you make that child cry, you should be prepared. You should be ready to face a war, just like the one we fought before."
It was a declaration laced with a determination to repeat the old war, if necessary.
But I didn’t feel angry or upset.
Not because of anything else.
I’m not stupid enough to provoke a fight when they’re saying these things for Erwen.
“That won’t happen, so don’t worry.”
“...Very well. I will entrust her to you."
I finally realized that this guy had been unusually cold to me, all because of Erwen.
It wasn't because I was a barbarian.
‘If he hated barbarians, he wouldn’t have said something like ‘I will entrust her to you.’’
After that exchange, I shifted my gaze to the last person, the human representative.
“Speaking of which…….”
I had been racking my brain since earlier, but I had no idea who this human representative was.
So, like a barbarian, I just asked straight up.
"Who the hell are you?"
A rude question for a meeting like this. But the human representative just laughed and answered.
"I am the Baron of Maxiland. I am honored to participate in this meeting as the human representative."
If it was the Baron of Maxiland, I remembered him.
He's in the Chancellor's faction, and not even the Duke's right hand, but more like the left hand.
"Ah, I see. I didn't recognize you because this is the first time we’ve met."
"We met briefly at the Ascension ceremony, but……."
"I was so distracted at the time."
"I understand. Don't worry about it."
Once I heard his identity, it made sense why everyone was ignoring the human representative.
‘His intentions are clear.’
The human faction sent a low-ranking figure to this meeting to signal their intentions.
They’re not interested in actively participating in this meeting. They’ll just listen and leave.
The Baron himself seemed to know this, as he simply maintained a passive posture.
“Well, now that everyone’s here, how about we start the meeting?”
And so, my first inter-species meeting began.
***
My first inter-species meeting was a bit different than I’d imagined.
In-depth discussions with a specific agenda.
重大な決定を下すような世界情勢の議論.
Discussions of world affairs leading to major decisions.
Or maybe a secret conversation about the secrets of the world.
None of that happened.
It was still early, but the inter-species meeting I’d observed was simply a gathering where everyone politely expressed their grievances and argued with each other.
Like this.
“I heard that the dwarf clan is buying land from the Gnometree. Are you planning to get into farming as well?"
"Why? Do you need the elf clan’s permission to buy land?"
"Then does it mean that our clan and the beast-kin can start a business related to metallurgy as well?"
Just a reminder, we barbarians were completely on the outside looking in during these petty disputes.
We didn’t have any territory within the city.
No territory, no territorial disputes…
“Ha… Don’t worry. We have no intention of encroaching on your territory. We’re just buying land to expand the Gnometree forges.”
Whatever the case, misunderstandings like this could be resolved with a few words, but there were also cases that couldn't be.
"But isn't it the beast-kin who’s overstepping the line?"
"What do you mean by overstepping the line?"
"Oh, really! I heard that the black bear clan took in that traitor. Did I hear wrong?"
"..."
Turns out, the beast-kin had taken in a dwarf craftsman who had committed a crime and was exiled from the dwarf clan.
“Dumoka, I understand your feelings, but we can’t interfere with individual matters. It seems he had a debt to that guy in the past.”
“Ha-ha, so you mean you’re taking in that good-for-nothing so you can pretend to help him while stealing his technology?”
Is this what a biting remark is supposed to be like?
“Clan leader, enough of your nonsense. Exile that bastard immediately."
The dwarf leader’s eyes were filled with a terrifying intensity, but Calstain, the leader of the beast-kin, didn’t flinch.
“I cannot.”
“Then, what are we supposed to do? We’ll have to retaliate in our own way.”
"..."
A dispute where neither side would back down.
In this case, the representatives who weren’t involved in the dispute had to step in and mediate.
“Even if we set aside the issue of technological leaks, it’s morally wrong to take in an exile from another clan. I will side with Dumoka.”
“I agree.”
The result of the vote was that the beast-kin would exile the dwarf exile once again.
Oh, and I abstained.
It’s not like it’s my business, what with the whole dwarf criminal thing.
‘It’s no fun when they’re talking about stuff only they know.’
As the meeting continued, the whole thing became increasingly boring and tedious.
I was just resting my chin on my hand and dozing off, when suddenly, the conversation turned to me.
"Speaking of which, how’s the clan leader?"
“…What?”
"I heard you’re very interested in construction techniques recently. Since we’re all here, maybe you could share some thoughts on it.”
Ah… this old man, he’s trying to keep an eye on me.
“I’m interested in that, actually.”
The dragon-man seemed genuinely curious.
“I heard the sanctuary has changed a lot?”
“Well, it has changed quite a bit. We can’t stay savage forever, can we?”
“If you have those thoughts, maybe you should consider changing your way of speaking?"
“Hm, well, it’s our tradition."
Why would we change this?
It's a culture where everyone except the king can talk casually, it’s like a cheat code.
Anyway, everyone seemed curious, so I briefly explained how the sanctuary had changed with the construction of new buildings, and the dragon-man looked intrigued.
“It's hard to imagine just by hearing it. To make such progress in such a short time…”
"Short time…? When was the last time you visited?"
“…About 20 years ago, I think."
Dragon-kin have a very different sense of time than we do.
I was secretly impressed, but I was trying to wrap up our conversation about the sanctuary.
“Ha-ha, to think the barbarians have learned construction. It fills me with joy as an artisan. I heard you’re participating in the royal commission this time… is that true?”
“It’s not finalized yet.”
“I see.”
I chuckled wryly at the dwarf leader's words.
I’d heard about this commission just a few days ago, during the Melbes gathering.
I’m not sure if they’re really that well-informed or if we have a loose-lipped member, but…
‘This information is flowing out way too easily.’
It’s not surprising, though.
Melbes is where different species gather.
Most of the things said there would likely reach the clan leaders’ ears.
But this was a bit unexpected.
“But… I heard you’re getting married?”
The dragon-man asked me casually.
I flinched slightly and glanced around. To my surprise, it wasn’t just the dragon-man who seemed to know. Everyone seemed to be in on it.
“Ah, you mean that. I heard the Melbes headmaster was pushing for marriage.”
"Well, it is about time you had some children. You’re old enough to have at least three children by now."
…What the hell, how does everyone know this?
I don’t think the headmaster would go around spreading this around.
‘These guys are scary….’
I got goosebumps, but I didn't let my surprise show.
That’s one of the things I learned from living with a lion’s mask on.
It’s better to pretend to be strong than to look weak.
That’s what I was doing, or at least I thought I was…
“If you don't have a suitable partner, what about my daughter?"
The dragon-man’s words caused me to lose all control of my facial expression.
To be honest, I might have sprayed water if I’d been drinking.
“…Daughter?”
“Ah, I didn’t specify if it was the eldest or the youngest.”
Uh… I didn’t mean it like that.
"Well, I don't care which one - if you were to ask me, I’d—."
"Why wouldn’t you care?!"
Suddenly, the elf representative shouted, his face contorted in anger. The dragon-man responded defensively.
"Ah, my words were a bit misleading. I was merely expressing my fondness for this fellow. I have absolutely no strategic intentions for an alliance between our clans - I’m merely—"
“It is not that.”
"..."
“Are you forgetting the promise you made to me earlier, Bjorn, son of Yandell?"
“…Promise? Was there one?"
"I asked you to not make that child cry, and you agreed. You even assured me you would take care of it."
“Uh… I vaguely remember that… but what does that have to do with this?"
The dragon-man tilted his head, genuinely confused.
And then.
“Aren’t you all mistaken?”
A third person suddenly intervened in the conversation.
"My daughter is already close to that man."
It was Misha’s father.
“Indeed, there were rumors about that.”
“……Is what he said true?”
The elf leader and the dragon-man turned to me, their eyes demanding an answer. I reached for the water glass on the table and then put it down again, my lips feeling dry.
"..."
I felt like I was going to throw up even if I just drank water.