## Coming Out (3)
Melbes, the Interracial Alliance. I had no idea why they were making such a fuss about my right to attend the royal council, but the reason became clear as soon as the meeting began.
“Our first order of business is the invasion of the Noark forces.”
This topic had been discussed countless times at racial conferences, Melbes assemblies, and other gatherings. Yet, the Duke’s matter-of-fact tone concealed information I had never encountered before.
“The invasion occurred at the beginning of this month, earlier than anticipated.”
The royal family already knew about their invasion. It wasn't that they were omniscient, but…
“As everyone knows, the extermination plan was thwarted by an unexpected variable.”
Everyone knows? 
Do they not even treat barbarians as human beings?
“…Extermination plan?”
I tilted my head in confusion, muttering to myself. The Duke’s speech paused, and all the nobles focused their attention on me. Their gazes were varied.
‘Is that a commoner speaking out of turn?’
Some were shocked that I, the lowest-ranking member, had interrupted the Duke’s speech. Others, like the Duke of Kealrunes and the Baron of Alminas, merely rolled their eyes.  
‘Well, that’s what you’d expect from a fool like him.’
They had all encountered me before and knew there was no point in being surprised by my antics. 
The Duke included.
“Now, Baron Yandel, since this is your first council meeting, you might not know about the extermination plan.”
He responded to my mutterings with nonchalance. 
One of the gazes fixed on me widened in surprise. It was the Baron of Hugh, the one who had sneered at me earlier. Perhaps he thought the Duke would reprimand me? I couldn’t know for sure, but it wasn't something I needed to worry about. 
“The extermination plan was devised after we received intelligence about the Noark forces' objective: Bifron. The plan was to trap them there and eliminate them all at once.”
“But that didn’t go according to plan?”
“Sadly, no.”
After those words, the Duke shifted his gaze from me to the crowd again.
“This plan was disrupted by an unidentified mage who appeared among the Noark forces.”
It felt like my first day at a new school, but this time, I was able to keep up.
‘There’s no one else it could be, that unidentified mage.’
The mage who had activated the ancient magic circle in the underground fortress, teleporting tens of thousands of people in an instant. The mage who had opened a portal connecting the outer wall to the seventh floor.
“We have yet to uncover his identity beyond him being an elderly man… The intelligence agency suspects him to be responsible for tampering with the protective magic circle. He seems to possess an unusual mastery of ancient magic.”
In short, it’s simple. The royal family tried to lure the Noark scum into Bifron and wipe them out, but the unidentified mage activated the protective magic circle and ruined their plans.
“We are currently searching for a way to disable the protective magic circle from the outside, but due to the unknown mage's extensive powers, we are facing difficulties.”
To announce this officially, they must have concluded that there’s no way to enter Bifron.
‘Are they incompetent, or is that mage just too powerful…?’
I don't know the answer, but one thing is clear:
The royal family is a ruthless bunch.
“The intelligence agency has determined that the unknown mage is capable of activating the dimensional plaza in Bifron, which is currently closed. Therefore…”
The Duke paused for a moment.
“I formally propose the closure of the labyrinth.”
Closure of the labyrinth.
Considering the structure of this city-state of Raffdonia, this was a heavy topic indeed.
However, as soon as the topic was raised, the Duke of Kealrunes chimed in, as if he had been waiting for this moment.
“Indeed… if we close the labyrinth entirely, there won't be anything left for them to do.”
The Baron of Alminas followed.
“They’ll have no choice but to come out on their own, or starve to death inside.”
It was a pre-written script.
This wasn't the first time they were hearing about this.
Normally, they would create a public consensus on this matter and then proceed with a near-unanimous vote for ‘labyrinth closure’.
But I’m a barbarian, oblivious to social cues.
“Duke, I have a question. Can I ask?”
“…Go ahead.”
“Is it absolutely necessary to close the entire labyrinth?”
My question prompted the Baron of Hugh, the 27th in ranking, to retort.
“Think about it. If there was another way, do you think the Duke would propose closing the labyrinth?”
He wasn’t wrong.
But I wasn’t curious about whether there were other options or not. 
I wanted to know why this was the only option.
“Is that so?”
I ignored the Baron of Hugh, turning to the Duke with a question. Despite his annoyance, the Duke answered kindly.
“The dimensional magic involved in the labyrinth is far more intricate than you can imagine. I can give you a brief explanation.”
He promised a brief explanation, but it turned out to be a long and tedious story.
Let's summarize it simply:
The labyrinth is a server.
Portals are login methods.
The problem is that if the royal family only has access to the login methods, they have no way to control the server itself.
‘So they’re going to shut down the server. With the server down, they can’t enter even with login methods.’
“Do you understand?”
“A little. Thanks for the explanation!”
Satisfied with the answer to my question, I kept quiet and observed the proceedings.
They debated about the backlash from explorers after the closure. They discussed what to do with explorers who wouldn’t be able to pay taxes this year. They also discussed the duration of the closure.
Finally, the Duke put an end to the debate.
“As of today, the labyrinth will be closed, and its reopening will be decided at a later meeting. All those who agree, please flip your coins.”
Something I found curious was the transparent voting process… 
But when you think about it, it makes sense.
They don’t value anonymity, and secret ballots could lead to corruption.
Click.
The attendees one by one flipped the golden coins in front of them, revealing the royal insignia, and soon, the results were in.
A near-unanimous agreement.
Naturally, everyone’s gaze turned to me.
I was the only one who had voted against it.
“Baron Yandel, could you explain why you didn’t flip your coin?”
“If the labyrinth is closed, everyone will suffer. Of course, we have plenty of resources, so we can survive even if it stays closed for a long time.”
“Hmm… you’re saying you voted against it for the sake of the people?”
“You could say that.”
The Duke, seemingly genuinely curious, simply nodded in response.
Then…
“Well, let’s move on to the second item on the agenda.”
The dull meeting continued.
***
The council began in the morning and continued until evening. There were breaks in between, but…
‘What a hardcore schedule.’
We were only given time to use the restroom, not to eat.
Is that a long-standing tradition of royal councils?
“Ha ha, so everyone makes sure to eat a hearty breakfast before attending this meeting.”
“Why is there such a tradition?”
“If you’re here, you must be a person who values time. Since it’s rare for us to gather, it’s about minimizing time wastage, even if it means some inconvenience.”
Hmm… they should just cut out all the roundabout speech and flowery language if that’s the case.
To be honest, if barbarians held the royal council, it would have been over by noon, and we could have gone to lunch.
“Ugh, looks like the meeting is about to resume. I’ll go in first.”
The Baron of Alminas, with whom I had been chatting outside, left, and I stuffed my dried meat into my mouth and headed inside the council chamber.
The meeting resumed.
‘The second item was about the reconstruction of zones seven and thirteen, the third was about taxes, the fourth was about the integration of the evil spirits…'
Oh, by the way, the integration of evil spirits was only mentioned and then rejected with countless opposing votes.
“So, this is the ninth item on the agenda.”
The Duke, who was leading the meeting, looked around and stopped at me.
I glanced to my side and saw Ragna, looking a bit embarrassed and giving me a sideways look.
That was enough for me to realize.
‘It's happening.’
The ninth item was about a marriage proposal.
And it was for Ragna and me.
“Before we begin with the ninth item, I would like to ask for everyone’s understanding. The discussion that follows might be a bit personal.”
“Hmm, personal?”
“Technically, yes. But this is also a major matter for the Kingdom of Raffdonia.”
“If that’s the case, we must hear it.”
The Duke of Kealrunes nodded, and after he had given his approval, no one dared to object.
‘He already knows what’s going to be discussed. Why is he acting like this?’
The Duke of Kealrunes and the Duke of Tercerion. 
Their relationship is fascinating.
They’re rivals, but they seem to have good chemistry when they need to work together.
“Baron Yandel, what are you thinking about?”
“Nothing.”
“Please pay attention now. The discussion that follows will be about you.”
“Huh? Me?”
I pretended to be oblivious and tilted my head, and the Duke gave me a meaningful look and began his aristocratic speech.
“Baron Yandel, everyone here acknowledges your busy life and all your achievements.”
“...”
“But for the sake of the great Raffdonia Kingdom, it’s a great loss that a talent like you, the head of your family, remains single.”
“…So what are you trying to say?”
“Isn’t it time for you to find a partner and settle down? If you’re willing, we want to arrange a marriage between you and Baroness Peprok.”
The moment those words were uttered, the air in the hall became chaotic.
“...”
“Baron Yandel and Baroness Peprok…?”
It seemed that there were many nobles who were unaware of this marriage proposal.
“Baroness Peprok is also in a similar situation, just like Baron Yandel’s family. While the law prevents the two families from merging, if they are joined by marriage, it would be a great blessing for you, and for the kingdom.”
“...”
“…That’s my opinion, but what do you think?”
The Duke’s short question felt like a lot of pressure.
To be honest, to propose a marriage in public, not in private, was a tactic to put me under pressure from the get-go. 
Anyway.
YES or NO. 
The options are always the same.
If I accept the proposal, I become subordinate to the Duke and will be controlled in some way. If I reject it, I’ll be met with countless obstacles. 
But…
“Of course, I don’t expect an immediate decision.  Once you’ve thought it through —”
I have already made my decision.
It's a terrible decision even when I think about it again.
‘Damn it.’
But it’s something I have to do.
“No.”
“…Huh?”
“I won’t get married.”
I cut him off and firmly stated my refusal. 
“Hmm...”
The Duke’s eyes narrowed slightly.
Was he contemplating how to make me suffer for refusing his proposal?
That’s why I immediately spoke up.
“I won’t marry anyone, not Baroness Peprok or anyone else.”
My counterattack after a long deliberation. 
If the Duke is wary of the Yandel family using marriage as a tool for rapid growth, then I can use a statement like this to counter him. 
“I don’t understand. Are you saying you will remain single forever?”
The Duke didn’t seem to believe me.
As expected.
This statement could be reversed anytime based on my will. 
‘Do I really have to do this?’
I need a more definitive action.
And I’ve already prepared it.
But the thought of it makes me sigh.
‘Okay, let’s do this.’
After finally mustering the courage, I closed my eyes tightly.
And…
“Duke!”
I shouted with all my might.
“I'm sorry, but I’m not interested in women!”
For some reason.
No, it's not like I don’t know why. But anyway.
When I reluctantly opened my eyes, slowly.
“...”
“...”
A heavy silence fell over the hall, as if time had stopped.
***
Time resumed its flow, and shocked gazes and comments were directed at me.
“Not interested in women…?”
“Wait, so are you saying…?”
“Disgusting.”
Some didn't even bother to hide their disgust.
I understand.
In this world, homosexuality is considered a sin.
So… that’s why…
“I'm not into men!”
To correct the misunderstanding, I took out a doll I had prepared in my subspace and showed it to everyone. 
“I love this doll!”
“...”
“I’m going to marry this doll!”
“...”
I had to do it.