## Coming Out (5)
I had known for a while that Hyunbyeol had her suspicions about my true identity. In fact, she had even openly asked Lee Baekho about it when I wasn't around. 
[“She kept asking if you were really Bjorn Jandel, didn’t she?”]
Later, I learned that Hyunbyeol’s suspicions were based on three main points. 
[“I know exactly when you came here, Oppa.”]
Timing.
[“And among all the explorers who arrived at that time, no one has grown as prominent as Bjorn Jandel.”]
Growth potential.
[“You often talk to me about the game, Oppa. You even mentioned that the Shield Barbarian was the best.”]
Shield Barbarian.
These many circumstantial clues seemed to indicate that I was Bjorn Jandel. However, I still couldn't fully understand why she believed it.
“Why aren’t you answering, Oppa?”
To directly confront someone like 'Bjorn Jandel’ and make such a statement, she must have had a strong conviction. So how did Hyunbyeol gain that certainty?
“You’re scanning me from head to toe, are you? Are you already thinking about running away again?”
Perhaps she was merely testing me. This thought crossed my mind, but knowing Hyunbyeol’s personality, it seemed highly unlikely.
‘Damn, I can’t attack her. It’s not like I can smash an evil spirit’s head….’ 
As I found myself in this difficult situation, she spoke again. 
“I’ve given you enough clues, and you know who I am. Is it really that hard to take off your mask in front of me?”
I finally made my decision. To be honest, it wasn't like only one or two people knew Bjorn Jandel was an evil spirit.  Hyunbyeol wasn’t someone I couldn't trust, either.
Taking a step towards Hyunbyeol, I gently moved closer to her, making sure my footfall wouldn't make a sound.
“How did you find out?”
As I asked this, removing the invisible mask I wore, she smirked and shrugged.
“To be honest, I wasn’t completely sure until the very end.”
“What?”
She was willing to take such a risk? If she had investigated me, she would have discovered the secret police officers who had disappeared after questioning me. 
“Don’t look at me like that. I was prepared, at least by wearing this mask.”
“Right, what was that mask, anyway?”
“Didn’t you already realize?”
“Are you really Black?”
“Yes, I am.”
The truth was truly shocking. I couldn't fathom how she had joined the Round Table, but more importantly, why hadn’t I noticed this all along?
“Anyway, I thought that if I wore this mask, you would react somehow. And you did.”
“I reacted?”
“Yes. Still the same as ever, aren’t you? You close your eyes for a second when you’re surprised.”
“Uh… .”
Had I always had that habit? I didn’t know, but I should be more careful in the future.
“Anyway, that reaction gave me a little more courage. I might have just run away otherwise.”
“Why are you doing this, anyway?”
“Then why did you do it, Oppa?”
“Do what?”
“You were so scary when you questioned me. You asked who I worked for, and you really looked like you were about to kill someone.”
Oh… .
That’s true.
I was just worried about her. What if I led her down the wrong path… .
“Well, it's not like I didn’t like it… . ”
Hyunbyeol looked up at me and said firmly,
“But you were the one who crossed the line first.”
“… . ”
I had no words for this. It was pretty ridiculous, after all. I was the one who had tried to pry into her identity, and now I was getting mad because she was doing the same to me?
“Hah… .”
Instead of criticizing Hyunbyeol, I decided to focus on something more productive.
Right, like for example.
“So how did you get into the Round Table? Did the GM help you?”
“Yes. I asked him to let me in because I thought it would be helpful in finding out your identity.”
“What about the information you got from the Round Table? Did you also hear it from the GM?”
“No. I found out everything myself.”
I started recalling the information that Black Mask had shared at the Round Table. The most impactful pieces were these two.
[“There’s another way to return to Earth besides opening the Gate of the Abyss. It’s called dimensional magic.”]
[“Auril Gaviss used this method to cross over to Earth.”]
Ah, now that I think about it, there was one more… .
[“Bjorn Jandel and Misha Kalstain… . Were they really a couple as the rumors say?”]
This wasn’t information shared. It was actually a question he had posed to me at the end.
‘…She had almost figured it out already back then.’
Anyway, how did Hyunbyeol, who wasn’t even an explorer, obtain such high-level information?
“I told you before. Countess Peprock trusts me a lot. I get many opportunities to learn various information as I assist her with her tasks.”
“…I see.”
I couldn’t believe that she could obtain such information with just a bit of trust, but Hyunbyeol was always incredibly resourceful. So I just nodded, accepting her explanation.
Then, she suddenly said in a serious tone,
“Oppa.”
“I’m different from Lee Baekho, who’s just a common thug.”
Her words came out of nowhere, but her explanation made her intentions clear.
“I don’t want to rely on you like he does. So don’t cause any trouble, and just stay put.”
Hyunbyeol looked me in the eyes and said with conviction,
“I’ll find a way to bring you back.”
It was reassuring to hear, no doubt. But… .
‘I don’t really want to go back… .’
How do I tell her this… .?
***
To be honest, I couldn't say it. Not anymore.  I had no desire to return to reality, especially not now. If I did, I knew I’d just be creating more trouble for myself.
‘…I’ll tell her later. I’ll tell her later.’
What’s the point of delaying? It wouldn't change anything anyway. Whether I go back or not, Hyunbyeol still had to find a way to return.
“By the way, what happened to the arranged marriage? I’ve been waiting for you, so I still don’t know what’s been happening inside.”
“Oh, about that… .?”
How the hell do I explain that… .?
I decided to simply state the outcome.
“I declined it.”
“Oh, really?”
“You can ask her about it later. It seems she tells you everything.”
“She is closer to a friend than a subordinate, isn’t she?”
Hyunbyeol spoke as if she had just realized this fact, then sped up the conversation, worried about being seen.
“Take this first.”
“What’s this?”
“It’s not good for either of us to be seen together in public.”
“So what is it?”
“You’ll see.”
Hyunbyeol tore a piece of paper in half, handing me one side. She then wrote something on the remaining piece with a pen.  
Then… .
[Do you understand?]
The words she had written on her piece appeared on mine as well.
“I think I saw something similar in a fantasy movie once… .”
“All people’s thoughts are pretty similar, after all. Anyway, this paper can only be written on once a day, so it’s inconvenient for long-term communication.”
“Then we can use it for scheduling meetings, locations and stuff like that when we need to talk.”
“Yes, exactly.”
Intrigued by this new magical artifact, I asked for its name. Hyunbyeol scratched her cheek.
“Love Paper.”
“…What?”
“No, that’s its real name. I heard a mage made it for when he was dating.”
“…Is that right?”
Love Paper… .
In 21st century terms, it’s like… a love letter, I guess?
“So is that all you’re giving me?”
“Yes, that’s all. But there’s one more thing I want to tell you.”
“Hurry up. I’m scared someone might come by.”
I urged her, looking around anxiously. Hyunbyeol, not wanting to keep me waiting, hurriedly continued.
“Don’t get too close to Countess Peprock.”
“…Huh?”
“She has a big secret. It’s more than just being the Duke’s illegitimate child. You might end up in a really dangerous situation.”
Dangerous situation… .
“…Alright, I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Well, that’s it for today. I’ll contact you again later.”
Hyunbyeol disappeared into the alley first, and I quickly left the area and headed toward the sanctuary.
A few days later.
“Chief! A package has arrived for you!”
A package addressed to me. A mysterious package with no sender. But I knew immediately who had sent it by looking at the contents.
Black hair and black eyes.
It was a cheap doll with no distinct features, except for its legs, which were painted black.
“Hah… .”
Stunned, I reached for the Love Paper I had received from Hyunbyeol.
As soon as I touched it… .
Swoosh!
The blank paper was filled with hieroglyphs that no Lapdonia resident would be able to decipher.
[HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA]
…I want to die.
***
Even though several days had passed since the royal council meeting, no major ripples had been created.  Perhaps the setting itself had had an effect?
The news of my betrothal with Laguna and my shocking confession hadn’t spread throughout the city, much less reached the common people.
Sure, nothing stays secret forever, and eventually, those who needed to know would.
‘But it’s a bigger issue here… .’
Right after the royal council meeting, the city announced its new policy of closing the Labyrinth.
As expected, the explorers weren’t happy, and some of the more extreme ones were arrested for protesting in the plaza.
The fear among the Ravigion citizens, who belonged to the lower class, was palpable just by walking around the city.
‘Well, with the Noir Ark invasion, the Befron incident, and now the Labyrinth closure, it’s no surprise.’
Even if this hadn’t happened, closing the Labyrinth would’ve had a significant impact on the economy. The value of goods would skyrocket, and people’s consumption would shrink drastically.
It’s true that the royal family is trying to reassure the people through the news by announcing new policies and schemes, like tax cuts.
But I don't know how effective they’ll be.
‘…I should just focus on my own business.’
And in that vein, I left the sanctuary today and visited Melbes’ patriarch.  I told him everything that had happened at the royal council.
I knew it wouldn’t be of much use to me, but the situation was different for the other noble families of Melbes.
“…Thank you. The information you shared today will be invaluable in navigating the chaos to come. I’ll never forget this favor and will surely repay it.”
Being a participant in the royal council.  That was why all the nobles craved that title.
Just by attending and listening, they could gain influence over other nobles, which in turn, was power.
Like this.
“Ah, as I said earlier, I’m not getting married.”
“Don’t worry about that.  To be honest, we’re grateful that we managed to turn down the Duke’s proposal.”
“Then… .?”
“It won’t be immediate, but I’ll make sure that Melbes will mobilize for you.”
“Hmmm… .”
“Don’t worry.  First, we’ll make sure that the Jandel Barony gets this project.”
I was quite surprised.
Attending the royal council meeting.
Just that alone meant I would get a position that had been held by the Dwarf Count family for over a millennium.
Anyway, with this, it would be easier to bring up what I wanted to say.
“Patriarch.”
“Speak.”
“Now that you’re helping us secure this project, I have a proposition. These days, everything is chaotic, wouldn’t you say?”
The Patriarch looked at me expectantly.  I decided to just come clean.
“There’s plenty of time now that we can’t enter the Labyrinth anymore.”
It was a lesson I had learned from studying stock charts during my time as a salaryman.
“Don’t you want to make big money with me?”
Crisis is sometimes an opportunity.
]]]