##  The Barbarian Business (3)
The High Duke Tercerion, Chancellor of Laphdonia, sighed deeply as he saw me. 
It was considered impolite in the noble circles to sigh in front of someone, but I was not just anyone. Maybe that's why he felt so comfortable doing it? He was no longer hesitant to show his true feelings, even in front of me.
"You're not going to speak?" he asked.
"Before you start, may I ask one question?" 
"Go on."
"Why did you avoid me all this time?" 
Even I felt my question was a bit too needy, but I felt I had to ask directly.
"Avoid you? What do you mean?"
"I've been trying to make an appointment with you, but you ignored all my calls."
I couldn't comprehend his actions unless he was intentionally avoiding me. 
So why was the Duke acting this way? Was he playing hard to get? It wasn’t as if he was trying to win me over, or so I thought. Just a few weeks ago, he even offered me a seat in the royal council and was even trying to marry his daughter off to me.
The truth, however, was much simpler.
"I was busy."
"Too busy even to respond?"
"I didn't even know you were trying to contact me. I've been staying in the palace for the past few days." 
As I observed him, I noticed dark circles under his eyes, betraying his exhaustion. 
Was that why his voice sounded sharper and more irritable than usual?
"I thought the butler told you about it?" 
"Yes..." I muttered, feeling awkward. I’d heard the explanation, but I hadn’t thought it was true. 
I stayed silent, unable to formulate a response, as the Duke looked at me with an incredulous expression.
"You're strange," he remarked. "You come looking for me, accusing me of avoiding you, because I wasn’t immediately available to meet. Are you not being arrogant?"
"What?"
"Just because you want to meet someone, doesn't mean they’ll drop everything and cater to your schedule."
"I understand. I apologize for this time."
"Not an apology, but a promise. Don't approach me in this manner again. Some level of rudeness can be forgiven due to cultural differences, but this is a sign of disrespect.”
"Yes, yes, I understand."
Was it because I was in a disadvantaged position? His stern tone and direct gaze made me unable to speak.
'...I wonder why he was so busy though.'
What could have possibly made the Duke, who usually traveled between the capital and our barbarian territory, stay in the palace for days on end? I was burning with curiosity, but I ultimately chose to keep my mouth shut.  He wasn’t even giving me a chance to ask.
“Now, tell me your business. I can’t afford to waste any more of my precious downtime.”
The Duke had repeatedly emphasized his lack of time and exhaustion during our brief exchange, so I went straight to the point without further ado. 
“I’m here to ask for the reconstruction project of District 7 to be awarded to the Yandel family.” 
But this blatant request was a first for me.  Or perhaps, it was just an unexpected move from someone like me.
"What?"
The Duke gasped, an incredulous expression on his face, and then turned to me, raising an eyebrow.
"Is this even necessary? I heard Melbes had already selected you as their representative."
Well, that was true. 
Having Melbes’ support meant that participating in the bidding process fairly wouldn’t be a disadvantage, but it's how business works.
"When a surefire way to achieve an objective exists, why wouldn’t you take it?"
"I agree with the principle, but..." He furrowed his brows.  "I cannot agree with your demanding tone."
This was a side of him I’d never seen before. Even when I joked about smashing his head open, his tone hadn’t been so sharp and irritated.
‘Did I choose the worst possible time to come?’ 
Regret washed over me, but I tried to think positively. What was done was done. If I'd waited patiently, I might never have gotten this opportunity to speak with him. 
“Tell me. Why should I grant your request?"
I responded with the same shameless confidence.
"Think of it as a singlehood gift."
"A singlehood gift…?"
The Duke tilted his head in confusion, not recognizing the term.
"Oh, these old folks," I thought to myself. "Why can't I get a gift even though I'm never going to get married?"
It had been common practice in my former society, before I was dragged to this world.  It just didn’t seem fair to those who choose to remain single. They’d pay their share of wedding gifts but wouldn’t receive anything in return.
"…" 
The Duke pondered for a moment, seeming to consider my words.  It was only natural. I was the one who’d essentially prevented him from ever marrying me off. 
“…You do have a point.”
Thankfully, the Duke was a man who understood the principle of give and take.
"But, I can't make decisions concerning state affairs on a whim. What should I do about this…?"
The Duke muttered to himself in a troubled tone, but I couldn't agree with him at all. He was the second most powerful man in this land, and he got to do whatever he wanted.  
His troubled words were just a way to soften the blow before delivering the real message. It was just like how people apply lubricant before inserting a tool.  
Just like this.
“So, how about this?”
As expected, he proposed a compromise soon after.
“I will give you a fair chance to compete.”
"A chance…?"
“It’s true that we’re considering five families as potential candidates, including the Yandel family. However, the Yandel family’s chances of being chosen are extremely low.”
Well, I expected as much.
The Yandel family had never shown any expertise in construction.  Without Melbes’ backing, I wouldn’t even have been considered for the project. That’s why I’d taken the initiative to meet the Duke instead of waiting patiently. 
“So, what exactly do you mean by a chance?”
“Exactly what I said. I'll set the stage, and you’ll prove your worth."
How exactly was he going to set the stage? I couldn’t picture it until he explained his plan, and I was truly astonished.
“To summarize, you want all five families to compete in a construction contest?"
"Not exactly a contest. It will be more like a demonstration where each family will showcase their strengths and unique advantages in front of everyone."
It seemed almost the same, but what followed made me feel reassured.
“I’ll ensure you have a chance to prove yourself and achieve some level of success so I don’t lose face. That way, this project will be awarded to the Yandel family."
A strange feeling washed over me.
It may have fizzled out, but come to think of it, Melbes had planned something similar with a dwarf clan.
“Fine. Let me know when the date is decided.”
…So, that’s how a construction competition is going to happen.
***
When I returned to our territory, our Administrative Director was still working late, bathed in the glow of the lamplight. 
Or was she?
"Shavin, what are you reading so intently?"
"Ah… this is… a letter. The branch manager of Alminus Bank wants to know if I'm interested in joining their team. It's strange.  I don’t even know him…"
What?
Could Count Alminus have given him a heads-up? Was this a move to scout him out and see if he could be persuaded to join their team?
‘This old geezer…'
"Ignore it. It's probably a scam."
"It’s just… it makes me feel kind of insulted."
"It's just your imagination."
“So, what are you doing at this hour?"
"Do I only come here if I have something to tell you?"
"Yes. You’re always avoiding this side of the territory.  I’m afraid you’ll ask me to do something.”
Oh...  She knows. 
Feeling slightly embarrassed, I went straight to the point.
“I just came back from meeting with the Chancellor.”
“...The Chancellor?"
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
“I’m just saying. It’s impressive that you meet with him like this…."
Shavin trailed off with an uneasy expression, but it wasn’t the main topic of conversation. 
I then shared the conversation I had with the Duke and announced that tomorrow I would personally evaluate our warriors’ construction skills.
“Tom, or, tomorrow…?”
Shavin's trembling voice carried a hint of a threat. I quickly added an explanation.
“You don't need to bring everyone. But instead of just calling those who are good at it, call everyone.  I want to get a sense of the overall skill level.”
“Well… that won’t be a problem.”
"Don't worry too much. I just want to get an idea of our warriors' skills and what we need to prepare for the competition."
“Okay. I’ll prepare.”
Okay, I can check this out tomorrow…
With my task completed, I spent a little longer discussing administrative matters with Shavin before sneaking back to my temporary quarters and going to sleep.
The next morning, as I was called upon unexpectedly, our barbarian warriors were ready for the evaluation with an enthusiastic attitude.
"Ooooooh!"
"The strongest warrior of our clan has come to see our skills!"
"It’s my time to shine!"
"Behel—Laaaaaaaa!!!”
It was completely unexpected.
I’m not here to see their combat abilities.
‘When did they get so passionate about construction?’
Out of curiosity, I discreetly asked Ainar and was met with an unexpected answer. 
"It’s all thanks to the Administrative Director's brainwashing."
Ainar had used a word that couldn’t be ignored as a clan leader. 
“Brainwashing?”
“The Administrative Director said that with the right reward and constant praise, even goblin thinking can be changed."
Confused, I listened to Ainar’s explanation. It seemed like Shavin had exerted a lot of effort to alter our warriors’ perspectives.
She’d rewarded those who completed their tasks, praised them in front of everyone to feed their ego, and used other methods to get them to take pride in their work.
‘She appeals to their need for recognition…'
Was this her way of appealing to the specific needs of the barbarian warriors?  After all, why are barbarian warriors so obsessed with power? It might be because power is inherently tied to their way of life, but…
The true reason is their need for validation.
Barbarian warriors train tirelessly every day because they are recognized for their strength.
"I don’t really know, but recently, she even held a competition to see who could build a house the fastest! They said the winner would become popular with the opposite sex, so I gave it a try, but it was difficult!"
"…"
"Too bad!  I wish I'd learned construction instead of entering the labyrinth!"
Ainar was even speaking in a nonsensical way, proving that the status of construction had risen within the clan. I didn’t need to explain anything further…
‘I wonder if this is a good thing or a bad thing…'
As a clan leader, I felt a little worried, but I tried to focus on the positive aspects.
If construction skills developed further, our warriors would be able to make a living without having to fight.
More options are always a good thing.
‘…Speaking of which, I might be able to expect something great with this…’
Observing the demonstration prepared by Shavin Emur from a distance, I spent some time evaluating our warriors' construction skills.
"I can carry three pieces of rebar!"
"No, I can carry four!"
In terms of carrying capacity, it was… 
“Behel—Laaaaaaaa!!!”
For work speed, it was… 
“What are you doing? Just hammer it in there roughly!”
As for detail, it was… 
“…Um, the second son of Melka, Kiritha! Th, this window doesn't fit! What do I do?!”
Regarding the difficulty of advanced work skills, it was… 
“Everyone, let’s work hard!  The Director said we’ll get 10,000 stones each if we finish today!”
As for the hourly rate, it was… 
Additionally, I’ve noted a few peculiarities.
They can only build rectangular structures. 
They don't know how to build a round roof. 
They’re generally quick, but they make frequent mistakes.
They can't read blueprints at all.
‘Is this all they can do…?’
Looking at both their strengths and glaring weaknesses, I licked my lips.
“Tsk…."
…How am I going to handle this?
]]]