##  The Barbarian's Grand Design (Part 1)
A roar, like a storm sweeping across the land, erupted from all around, a sound I hadn't even heard on the day of my ennoblement.
"WAAAAAAA!!!"
…How many people are there? 
Every direction I looked, there were people, people, and more people.  The barbarians even seemed to have a little too much tension in their shoulders and lats, due to the sheer number of onlookers.
‘I never realized this event would be this big….’
The Duke had mentioned it would be grand, but seeing it firsthand, experiencing it with my own eyes, was different altogether.
‘This is insane.’
The international political landscape was in turmoil, the future uncertain.
Was it because of this event, born amidst the chaos and anxiety?
The Duke’s massive publicity campaign undoubtedly played a role, but I believe it was the confluence of all those factors that contributed to this event’s resounding success.
The event itself was captivating, to be sure. 
I mean, wouldn't you be curious if those haughty noble families were going to compete based on their construction skills?
“He’s so handsome!! Bjorn Yandel…!!”
“Kyaaaa!!!”
I hadn’t expected such a festive atmosphere, so it felt slightly awkward.
Well, not that I was planning to stand there like a statue.
“Character has activated [Transcendence].”
“Character has activated [Gigantification].”
For the sake of visibility, even from the far corners of the stands.
I puffed up my frame and yelled at the top of my lungs.
“BEHELLLLLLLLL—LAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!”
A roar that drowned out the cacophony of tens of thousands and engulfed the entire stage.
As expected, the response was explosive.
“WAAAAAAA!!!”
“Kyaaaa!!!”
“It’s the Giant!!!”
Cheers reverberated back, echoing with fervor.
“Character’s fame score has increased by +1.”
“Character’s fame score has increased by +1.”
“Character’s fame score has increased by +1.”
“Character’s fame score has increased by +1······.”
“······.”
Hmm, I wonder if my fame score has gone up by quite a bit?
I can’t check the system log, but it doesn’t matter even if my fame score hasn't risen.
It wouldn’t hurt to give some solid fan service since I’m already playing the clown.
Isn’t this a difficult time for everyone?
We need something to enjoy, at least.
“Now, we’ve reached the point where all the engineers of Baron Yandel’s family are here!”
As the engineers and I stepped onto the prepared stage, the host smoothly began the proceedings.
A brief introduction of the five families, the purpose of the competition, and how it would unfold.
‘Please, let it be something easy….’
After a general overview, the drawing began. 
Each of the participating families would draw a lottery for the construction challenge, deciding the specifics…
“The first chest is filled with balls that specify the number of floors of the building you must construct today! Let’s see what the results will be…!”
Sadly, for the first family to step forward, Baron Kiembrota, the ball they drew had the number 4 on it.
“4 floors! The number of floors the engineers must build in today’s competition is 4! It seems we’ve got a very difficult challenge right from the start!”
Considering the maximum height was 5 floors, it was almost as if they’d drawn a 4-star difficulty.
“The second chest contains balls specifying the main materials of the building to be constructed today.”
There are two main types of buildings: stone and wood.  But there are many more materials when you get into the details.
Brick, composite clay, logs, wooden planks…
“Reinforced stone!”
“Hu…!”
As soon as the material was determined, groans erupted from the crowd. Reinforced stone is one of the most difficult materials to work with.
It’s extremely heavy for starters, and processing it is difficult, making it physically challenging to handle.
However…
‘Is this good for us?’
If they’d drawn a material similar in properties to cement, or composite clay, something unique to this world, it would’ve been even more difficult.
Barbarians aren’t good at that kind of delicate work.
Anyway, the lottery continued at a brisk pace, and before long, the details of the construction challenge were fully decided.
A 4-story building made of reinforced stone.
“The ball from the third chest is… 8!”
The minimum number of windows per floor is 8.
“Residential building! It’s a residential building!”
The building’s use was residential, not commercial.
And…
“Baron Yandel will be drawing a ball that specifies the artistic theme of the building you are about to construct. By the way, the balls include things like elegance, softness, and imposing, all factors that will play a major role in the judging… Ah! The ball is out now!”
The building’s theme is…
“Happiness! Happiness it is!”
…Ugh.
For some reason, the theme furthest from my own preferences came up.
***
The total construction period for this competition is 3 days.
Considering it’s a 4-story building, it’s a very tight schedule.
‘I guess it needs to be that short to properly judge the quality, though.’
Since everyone is a professional, if they were given ample time, they’d all build a high-quality building.
That would just make it an art appreciation competition.
‘The real challenge is building a convincing structure in a short amount of time….’
“Let’s start with the foundation!  For a 4-story building, whatever we build, we have to start with the foundation!”
As soon as the competition began, I had the warriors start digging the foundation, then gathered with the engineers for a brief consultation.
“I think we can make a slight adjustment to the blueprint we brought.”
“I think it’s better to use that blueprint as the base.”
“The theme is happiness, isn’t it?  Even if we reduce the number of rooms, wouldn’t it be better to make them bigger?”
Discussions about the challenge were underway at a rapid pace.
Listening from the side, I noticed they were all fixated on the theme of ‘happiness’.
“Just because it’s big doesn’t mean it’ll feel happy, does it?  It needs to have a comfortable atmosphere!”
“Nah, I think a stunning spatial structure that anyone would envy is better.”
“Hey! Let’s decorate the kid’s room beautifully.”
Happiness is a subjective experience.
So, in my opinion, their deliberations were pointless.
‘It’s an art score, isn’t it?’
It’s all about interpretation.
Isn’t there a saying? In modern art, the most important skill is persuasion.
And in that sense.
“How about this structure?”
“……What? This is completely devoid of any connection to happiness, isn’t it?”
The engineers tilted their heads when I suggested a new structure.
But when I explained the reasons for choosing this design and the artistic interpretation, they all wore skeptical expressions. 
It sounded like a fallacy, but they ended up agreeing.
“Certainly… Even if we can’t get a perfect score for art, we’d definitely receive a high evaluation with that approach.”
“Building a beautiful structure isn’t the goal of this competition, anyway.”
“Moreover, I heard that the audience’s evaluation is also included on the last day…  Perhaps we might get a high score then.”
Perhaps it’s because I’m the one in charge of the competition?
Once I started pushing harder, the engineers, though still unconvinced, followed my lead.
“Shall we finalize this design then?”
“Do it. I like it very much.”
After a 1-hour deliberation, the blueprint was finalized.  At that moment, the foundation work was completed.
“Warriors, go get the materials!”
“We’ll be handling the sewage pipe installation!”
“It’ll be over quickly since it’s just for the competition! The construction is simple!”
The Dwarf engineers began the sewage pipe installation, and while they worked, the barbarians tirelessly carried materials.
With a fervor as if they were in a competition.
“He’s carrying two of those massive things at once…?”
“Over there! That one’s carrying three!”
“That one over there is running…!”
“Oh! Over there! Four! Someone’s carrying four… Ah! He dropped them all….”
Perhaps they were excited by the audience’s attention for the first time?
The constant clattering of materials dropping as they overexerted themselves was expected.
I had no intention of reprimanding them.
They won’t be doing that for long, anyway.
As soon as construction began in earnest, the hordes of onlookers visibly thinned out at a remarkable pace.
“The completed building will be unveiled the day after tomorrow, right?”
“I’ll have to come back then.”
Noblemen, competitions, it all boils down to construction work in the end.
“Hey! The crowd’s thinning out!”
“Maybe it’s because we’re not doing a good job?”
“Five! I’m going for five this time!! So don’t leave, keep watching!”
The warriors exaggerated their efforts to keep the audience engaged, but after enjoying themselves, most of the onlookers, lacking any lingering interest, simply turned around and left.
“Ah… Ah… Everyone’s gone…!”
“I, I’m not worthy of being a warrior…!”
Ugh, why are they suddenly like this?
The warriors’ enthusiasm plummeted, leaving me no choice but to intervene.
“It’s normal for everyone to leave around now. The second and third days are scheduled to be closed to the public, anyway!”
“Oh, so it doesn’t mean we’re bad at our job?!”
“Of course! So work hard!  When we unveil the completed building on the fourth day, the audience will be packed in again! Are you going to disappoint them?”
“Nooo!!!”
“BEHELLLLLLLLL—LAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!”
Okay, that should be enough for their mental health…
From then on, I stood nearby while observing the other families’ construction, offering advice whenever I noticed anything that needed feedback for our own construction.
But what’s this?
“I’ve never seen a barbarian do construction work in my life.”
“I’m not sure they won’t collapse that building on the last day.”
I noticed some of the laborers from other families whispering behind my back.  Their eyes were filled with blatant disdain and prejudice towards the barbarians.
“Four!! I managed to carry four at once!”
Luckily, our barbarians were too engrossed in their work to hear them…
“Tsk, construction is not just about brute force.”
“Ha-ha, they’re just uneducated.  Poor things, they’re here because there are no other ways to earn money in their tribe.”
I felt their remarks getting bolder.
But instead of anger, I just couldn’t comprehend it.
‘Who are these boneheads to be talking like that?’
What if the young warriors overhear them and start throwing their shovels?
Do they think they’re hiding some secret strength?
Their material hauling didn’t look like that…
“Ahem!”
As I cleared my throat, the gossiping laborers turned to me and were startled, returning to their own work.  Fearing a potential accident, I stood guard to prevent the other laborers from approaching.
And time flew by in the blink of an eye…
One day, two days, three days.
“It’s over.  No one is allowed to touch anything before tomorrow’s judging.  The Duke has instructed that if any wrongdoing is discovered, the offending party will be immediately disqualified.”
As midnight of the third day arrived, the construction officially ended, and the workers, exhausted from the arduous schedule, collapsed on the ground.
Our warriors were no different.
They worked tirelessly for three days without proper sleep and produced the result to match their effort.
“But… now that I think about it, I wonder if this is really the right way to go about it.”
“It was the Baron’s instruction, wasn’t it? We shouldn’t worry about it.”
Well, the Dwarf engineers still looked a little skeptical…
Anyway.
WHOOSH—
The sound of a strong wind and the patter of light rain washed over the dusty construction site.
“Everyone, you’ve worked hard!  It seems we’ve definitely won over there!”
“I never thought they’d build such a low-quality building in such a grand competition… .”
“Ha-ha!  That’s the best they could do, right?”
I didn’t offer any rebuttals to the laborers from other families who were scoffing at the building where our warriors’ effort was poured into.
The calm before the storm.
The result will show whether they are right or we are right.
]]]