##  Event 654 (3)
The moment the explosion erupted.
"Aaaaaah!"
The cheers of the crowd transformed into screams.
"Over there! Magic came from over there!"
"Control the area! No one should leave!"
Soldiers on standby nearby rushed towards the origin of the magic, in case of any unforeseen disaster.
"M-move! G-get out of the way!"
Chaos ensued as people fled the scene, fearing they might become caught in the terror.
"…"Lord Viscount! Are you injured?"
It was a terrorist attack, a daring attempt on the life of a national chancellor during a large-scale event.
"…"Such a situation is long overdue."
Did he have a lot of experience in this kind of affair?
The Viscount, who seemed momentarily stunned, quickly regained his composure, brushing off his sleeve and standing up unharmed. And then, in a gentler tone than usual, he looked at me and said:
"I'm fine. But please take care of this friend of mine first."
A priest attending the event rushed to my side and began healing my wounds.
"You need to evacuate immediately, my lord!"
"Wait just a moment."
The Viscount, despite the urgent pleas of the knights, waited until my wounds were somewhat healed before approaching me and leaving these words:
"Thank you for today."
Something felt incredibly strange.
Had I ever heard the Viscount say "Thank you"?
"…"I don't think so."
Maybe there was a time, but it would be very different from this. It wasn't like I'd ever done anything to warrant sincere gratitude.
"I'll call you separately after this is sorted out."
With those words, the Viscount departed under the escort of knights, leaving me alone to replay the events of the last few moments.
It wasn't like I was going to think about it after receiving a thank you.
"…"Why did I do that?"
To be honest, I felt a little regret.
After all, why would I risk my neck to save the Viscount, who is not even beautiful? Especially since it was magic powerful enough to harm me even in my dragon form.
If I had just left him alone, the Viscount would have died—.
"Ah, maybe not?"
The other day, when I asked Ibacho if he could kill the Viscount, he responded:
"Ah, that's a bit… even if you killed that bastard, he would resurrect in the Royal Palace."
"…"Resurrect? What does that mean?"
"Ah, you don't know, do you? It's not in the game, so maybe that's why. Anyway, there is a treasure of the Royal Family, and it's currently in the Viscount's possession."
Whether I had leaped in front of the magic or watched from behind, the Viscount wouldn't have died.
"Hmm, thinking about it this way, maybe it wasn't so bad?"
I gained some favor with this incident, and I can backstab him later.
It's always more painful when you get betrayed by someone you trust, right?
"…"Anyway, I should at least try to curb the habit of jumping into the fray."
While the situation wasn't all bad, I clearly recognized my own bad habit from this incident.
Could it be because I'm always the one getting hit in the dungeon?
It seems like I have a deep-seated obsession with being hit first, no matter what I do—.
"Th, thank you, my lord."
"…Huh?"
What's this again?
Someone spoke to me, and when I looked, it was the Earl of Langlestone, who had won first place in this competition.
"If you hadn't pushed me away in time, I would have been caught in that explosion. Baron Jandel saved my life."
Ah, it could be interpreted that way.
After all, if I hadn't pushed him, he would have been seriously injured. He was right next to the Viscount when the magic came flying in.
"I'm glad you're safe."
After giving him a vague answer, the Earl of Langlestone cautiously asked:
"But… it's presumptuous of me, but why did you save me?"
The same question that the Viscount asked.
I chuckled and asked in return:
"Why shouldn't I have saved you?"
"Well, you see…"
The Earl, trailing off, continued candidly:
"I'm your competitor. If I wasn't here, Baron Jandel could have taken first place."
I was a little taken aback.
Does this guy think this competition is some kind of Battle Royale survival game?
"Or maybe… this is just his ingrained aristocratic way of thinking."
"Furthermore, even if it weren't for that… there is no reason for you to look kindly upon me."
What he meant was, didn't I act rudely to him earlier?
To be honest, this was a total fluke.
I even forgot the Earl existed until he came to thank me.
But I didn't need to tell him the truth.
"I don't care about things like that. I saved you because I could."
I said that and gave him a hearty clap on the shoulder, and the Earl looked up at me with a curious expression.
"Baron Jandel… you are truly as they say. I sincerely apologize for my previous rudeness."
Hearing this from someone who used to dislike me…
…This feels strangely satisfying.
***
"Your character's fame has increased by +10."
"Your character's fame has increased by +10."
"Your character's fame has increased by +10…"
"…"
"…"
***
The architecture competition that had garnered much attention.
And the terrorist attack that occurred there.
Naturally, the following morning, all the newspapers in Raphdonia ran the story on the front page.
The assassination attempt on the Viscount and the hero, Bjorn, son of the giant, Jandel, who stopped it.
The headlines differed, but essentially, they all boiled down to the same story. Aside from that, it was very quiet.
Someone sent from Noirark?
A politically motivated terrorist attack?
Perhaps it was his son, coveting his father's title?
Unlike the countless rumors circulating on the street, the newspapers didn't make any wild speculations.
Even the third-rate tabloids that thrived on sensationalism kept quiet about this matter—.
"The Viscount's power really is something else."
It's kind of strange how even the newspapers that always spewed out elaborate lies about me are like this.
After all, it's a matter involving the second most powerful person in the country, so of course they are cautious.
Anyway.
Three days after the incident.
"Wow, they still haven't caught the culprit…."
As usual, I opened the newspaper to check the news when Misha shoved her face into mine from behind.
"Bjorn, where do you think they are? Noirark? The opposition? Or maybe that annoying little brat?"
"I think it's most likely Noirark, but why don't you move a little away?"
"Why? Because it's too close for a 'colleague'?"
"…"
I've noticed recently that Misha's energy has been high lately.
Did something good happen to her?
Since we were alone for the first time in a while, I asked her about her recent happenings, and I learned the reason for her newfound happiness.
"Huh? I dunno? Nothing particularly grand… I just work out with Ainar during the day… And after dinner is prepared, I draw a little…"
"Draw?"
"Ah, I started doing it as a hobby recently. I got a little interested after going to the art museum with Rains a while ago. Ah! I won't show it to you, so don't even ask!"
If she went to the art museum with Amelia, then it seems like she's completely over her difficult period.
And it seems like her old personality is coming back.
"It was kinda cute when she was just cowering in a corner…"
After talking a little more, it seems like things have improved with Ainar and Amelia, even if it's not just those two.
"I'm not really close with Gouldland yet, but she doesn't seem like a bad person. Erwen… I'm not sure. Thinking back, I feel like I was more in the wrong. I apologized to her the other day, but she just ran away…"
"I see."
"But I'm really close with Emur now. She's really curious about Rothmiller? Oh yeah, the other day, Hicurod and Rothmiller were both there, and we all hung out together."
"What? But why didn't you come with me?"
"Well, you said you were busy that day?"
Two days ago. That's when I went to the Royal Intelligence Bureau because I had some questions about the terrorist attack.
Damn… if I'd known about this appointment, I would have put it off.
"So, what are you doing today?"
"Today?"
"Yeah. If you're free, wanna go to Commelbiena with me later? My sword hilt is all frayed, so I want to get it replaced…"
"Ah… I can't come back with you, is that alright?"
"Huh? Why?"
"I have a dinner meeting with the Viscount. I'll probably have to go to Karnon directly from Commelbiena. Well, if that's the case, maybe I'll just go later…"
"No, it's fine, don't worry about it! I'm just going to drop off the sword anyway. I'll get ready right now!"
After saying that, Misha disappeared and returned lightning fast, already prepared for going out. Then we left the Holy Ground and headed for Commelbiena.
We dropped off the sword at the forge first, had a quick meal nearby, and since we were already in Commelbiena, we stopped by the exchange to check the prices of goods.
"Ugh! Why are all these prices so cheap? If only I had more money, I'd buy them all!"
"Well, since the dungeon is closed, no one's buying them right now. You should wait a little longer. Prices for adventurer's gear will continue to go down."
"O-okay… still, it was fun."
"It was fun for me, too. I'd like to stay longer… but."
"We have to go, right?"
"It's an appointment with the Viscount, after all."
"O-okay, have a good time…"
After parting ways with Misha, we headed straight to Karnon.
Since I had an appointment, I went straight through without any problems.
"Welcome, Baron Jandel. The Viscount is waiting for you. Please come in."
The butler was already waiting at the entrance at the expected time, and as we walked through the garden, the servants lined up to welcome me.
"…"Real noble families are different."
It's remarkable how even the servants can give such elegant greetings without even thinking. I wonder how long it takes to reach that level of natural grace?
I don't even have a house yet, so it's something I can't understand.
The door creaked open as the butler led me, revealing a reception room with an incredibly luxurious and grand atmosphere.
"…"How many reception rooms are there in the Viscount's house?"
I've always been taken to a different room every time I come here.
It seems like they have multiple reception rooms for different guests, depending on their status…
"This one looks like the best I've seen."
Even at a glance, this room radiates the feeling that I'm being incredibly well-received.
"You've arrived."
The Viscount even stood up to greet me as I entered the room.
It's truly a different experience from the past.
Once upon a time, I would come to this manor and talk to him through a crystal ball.
"…"Sit down. Your legs must be tired."
"Ha-ha, you sit first. You're the guest, after all."
"If you insist…"
Only after I sat down did the Viscount take his seat facing me, and we naturally began a conversation.
"They're talking about nothing else these days. Have you found out who the culprit is?"
"Not yet. The deeper we dig, the more it feels like they prepared everything meticulously. If it hadn't been for you, we would have faced a serious dilemma."
"It was something anyone could have done."
A dilemma…
Is he not going to tell me about the resurrection item?
I don't know, but the praise towards me continued.
"Anyone could have done it… Well, there were many nobles and knights that day, but you were the only one who risked yourself for me when the incident happened."
"It was just your luck."
"I also heard about the conversation you had with the Earl of Langlestone through the newspaper. You said you saved him because you could. Is that true?"
"Well, that's true, but…"
I'm not really a fan of this kind of blatant praise, so I quickly changed the subject.
"So, why did you call me here today?"
"Well, I thought it was only right to tell you about the progress of the investigation. Oh, I also wanted to let you know that the 7th District reconstruction will be entrusted to the Jandel Barony. You'll receive a call soon."
Oh, that's good news—
"But that's not the main point, so I'll quickly move on."
"…"Huh?"
If that's not the main point, what is?
I tilted my head in confusion, wondering what was coming next.
"Knowing your personality, I'll be honest."
The Viscount, erasing the soft smile he had been wearing, called my name in a cold voice.
"Bjorn, son of Jandel."
"…"
"I believe you're an Evil Spirit."