## Event 656 (5)
Platinum blonde hair slicked back in a pompadour style. Flawless skin and cold eyes. Just from his looks, he gave off the impression of a handsome young nobleman... 
"Heave ho!"
But his lighthearted gestures, words, and expressions made him seem rather goofy and carefree. 
"What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost."
Lee Baekho, who had just entered the carriage through the open window, sat across from me and spoke with unashamed boldness.
"You seem very startled today."
His lips curled into a mischievous smile, but his eyes betrayed no such amusement.
"Like someone caught doing something shady behind my back."
Lee Baekho, with his sharp gaze, spat out the words with a cutting edge. 
Well, it wasn't entirely untrue. 
Honestly, seeing him made me feel like I’d been caught gossiping about him. 
Not that I was going to panic and freeze up. 
“...The coachman doesn't seem to hear us." 
I quickly glanced at the coachman, who was still staring straight ahead, before casually asking, "Well, aren’t you surprised? Just showing up out of nowhere and entering through the window."
"Hmm, I don't think it's just that…."
"Of course it’s not. How thin are you anyway? Eat properly and get some exercise. How can a man squeeze through a window that small?"
"It’s not that I’m thin, it’s that you’re abnormally large."
"Don’t talk back."
How did you get here? 
What are you doing here?
Instead of saying such things, I led the conversation naturally, like a scolding, and Lee Baekho made a face as if he was embarrassed. 
And…
“….” 
“….”
An uncomfortable silence filled the air for a while. 
The truth is, we shouldn't be meeting and having this conversation. 
Because our last encounter was disastrous.
“...So you used the Resurrection Stone on me?”
“Yes. You wouldn't break free, so I helped a bit.  It's not like we’ll be friends anyway once we return home, right?” 
The day the Ghostbusters shut down their operations. 
Lee Baekho, his underhanded schemes exposed, didn’t even offer an apology. Instead, he spat out venomous words, which made me vow to one day fulfill his every desire, this little bastard. 
“So you came looking for me? Because you want to escape this shitty world, as you put it.”
“Come on, hyung, are you still holding a grudge over that?”
That's the biggest reason I want nothing to do with this guy. 
Is he some kind of sociopath? 
How can he act like it’s nothing after what happened?  I can’t understand him. 
But…
‘Not yet.’
It was too soon to punch him in the face. 
Of course, I'm not afraid to lose, not even in my current state. 
But, I can’t say I’m confident in winning either.  
This cunning bastard would escape at any moment if things started to go bad, and when that happens, my surroundings will become extremely dangerous. 
"Just because! I just wanted to see you, hyung. It looked like you were up to something shady."
I chuckled at the way he nonchalantly said that. 
"Doesn’t that sound a little funny coming from you?"
"What? What do you mean?"
"It's you, not me."
“…?”
"You're the one who's always up to something shady behind everyone's back."
We stared at each other in the cramped carriage.  
My eyes narrowed, subtly revealing a faint murderous intent. 
Did this attitude seem fresh to him?
"...Interesting."
With that short statement, Lee Baekho also shut his mouth and stared at me. 
The tense atmosphere was like a knife's edge, ready to unleash a fight at any moment.  
"Why did you save the Duke?"
Lee Baekho asked in a cold voice. 
I had a hunch, like before, and with this question, my suspicions solidified. 
‘This little bastard was the one who tried to assassinate the Duke.’
But, since he couldn’t use magic, the one who actually cast the spell was ‘the Destroyer.’  
They’ve been inseparable lately.  
‘No wonder he looked like he was about to die….’
There’s one thing I find comforting. 
No, there’s no way a mage of that caliber is commonplace.
"What are you thinking about? What, is it a secret you don’t want to tell me?”
"Don’t be so impatient. You asking me questions doesn’t mean I have to answer everything."
"That’s true, but I'm curious. One moment you were asking me to kill the Duke, and then the next, you're risking your life to save him?  What are you doing, helping him after trying to kill him? Especially since he’ll just come back to life at the palace anyway?"
I asked back, and Lee Baekho fell silent. 
This guy is truly selfish. 
“…There was a reason. Just keep that in mind."
“Well, just keep in mind that I had my own reasons too.”
My answer was a statement of my resolve, a promise not to reveal my hand until he played his own.
Lee Baekho stared at me for a moment before sighing and saying, "The Duke might have lost his resurrection item. I wanted to check, just in case.  If he died, it was fine. If he lived, it was also good for me."
"Good for you? I thought there was a limit to how many times you could use it?"
"That's true. But it seems like it takes a while for him to come back to life. I was hoping to use that time. With his representative suddenly gone, if things went well, the Breaker King might make a move.”
“The Breaker King…?”
“Yes. The one who always uses being sick as an excuse and never shows his face in public.”
"Why are you trying to get the Breaker King to move?"
“Because he's hiding a lot. But if he were to come out and move around, wouldn’t he leave some clues behind?”
He didn’t tell me everything, but it didn’t seem like he was lying.
"Okay, I told you mine, so now tell me yours. Why did you save the Duke? Are you joining his side now?"
Hmm, what should I do now?
Should I just say I don’t want to talk? 
He wouldn’t feel guilty if he did a runner. 
‘But it’s better not to make him misunderstand.  Thinking coldly, it’s probably better to use him to my advantage.’
I decided to tell him everything that happened that day. 
Amazingly, it only took one sentence to explain it all.
"It… was a mistake?"
That day, saving the Duke was a mistake. 
***
Naturally, Lee Baekho didn't easily believe my words.
"You just went out of habit, got hit for him, and ended up taking a beating? Do you expect me to believe that?"
"Believe it or not, that's your business. But… I wasn't aware of the surprise attack, and it would've been impossible to stop it by thinking and reacting. "
But, was he convinced by my honest explanation? 
Or was it because I pointed out something he himself thought was strange?
I don’t know, but Lee Baekho nodded, albeit reluctantly.
"It’s true… I understand what you're saying, hyung…."
"It's not that I understand, it's that it really happened. I regretted it so much afterward."
"But… what about today? You stayed at the Duke's house and talked for a long time, didn't you?"
"It's just that I had to thank him for what he did. Oh, and he did say he'd give me the construction project, though it could be considered a bribe."
Half-truth, but undeniably true. 
Of course, the Duke’s true intention was to offer me a deal, and the condition was to assassinate Lee Baekho.  
But, hey, he’s not being completely honest either, right?
"...Is that all?"
"Is there any question more meaningless than that?"
"Yeah, you're right. I shouldn't have said that."
Lee Baekho stared at me for a moment, as if he was making his own judgment.
"I don't know, I really don’t. Everyone else is so simple, but why are you so complicated, hyung?"
It’s the same for me too.
I can’t figure out why he’s here, even though I’m right here in front of me. 
I can’t even tell if his words about not understanding me are genuine or not.
“...So tell me, since we're already here, what have you been up to?"
"Your tone suddenly got friendly. You were about to kill me earlier."
"You want me to actually hit you?"
"I don't want that… I just feel like you’re the same kind of person as me, hyung."
"What kind of weird nonsense is that?"
"Don’t you see?  Emotions are just fleeting feelings. In the end, we all think rationally and act for our own benefit."
“….”
"Oh, but it seems like you get caught up in your emotions sometimes, hyung."
It was irritating to be analyzed like that, but I had no suitable rebuttal.  
The truth is, I’d rather talk to him a little more and try to get information than beat him up and throw him out.
“I understand your motive, but I did wrong you, so I’ll answer a few questions. You’re not really asking because you’re curious about my whereabouts, are you?  What are you most curious about?"
It was a lot easier now that Lee Baekho was being cooperative. 
But there was another problem.
Questions, questions, questions…
I have to ask the most important things, since he said a few. What should I ask?
After a moment of contemplation, I chose my first question. 
"So, did you meet Auril Gavise?"
The last thing I knew about this guy was that he was going outside the walls to meet ‘Auril Gavise.’
So, did he succeed?
“Ha ha, that old man? I don’t know how to say this—.”
“Yes or no.”
“Yes. I met him."
Okay, so he did meet him. 
I felt a pang of anxiety but went ahead and asked another question.
“In real life, not just in the community?"
“In real life.  You met him in the Round Table, didn’t you?”
“The old man said that?”
“Well… it’s like that…? It’s not important.”
 Hmm, he’s being vague. He probably didn’t hear it directly. 
So…
‘If Black Mask is Hyunbyeol and the Wolf was almost definitely sent by Auril Gavise….’
Was Butterfly Mask Lee Baekho’s planted spy?
It was too soon to say for sure, but the community was no longer important, so I let it go for now.  
“What have you been doing since you left the city?"
This time, I asked a broader question that couldn’t be answered with yes or no.
He said he wasn’t really interested in my whereabouts, but I was curious. 
About his whereabouts.
“I just did all sorts of things, here and there. Traveled the outside world, lived in the Noark camp for a while, went through the portal to the labyrinth all the way to the 7th floor… Oh, I also made a new friend. It just happened.”
Even though he answered vaguely, I could sense it.
The long stories hidden behind those words, “I just did all sorts of things.”
While I was exploring the 1st floor, this guy was also busy on his own journey.
“…A new friend?”
“I can’t tell you yet, it’s a secret. But if I just say that, I’ll sound too much like a scumbag… So I’ll give you an extra question. This is your last question, so make it count.”
“You said a few questions.”
“Yes. I did say a few, didn't I?”
Hmm, you’re right.  
Since it was basically a bonus question, I let it go and asked my final question.
“What is the real goal of the Noark people?”
It's a question everyone living in this city would want to know, and even the Duke, the second most powerful person in the kingdom, didn’t know the answer. 
So, does Lee Baekho know the answer? 
I got my answer soon after. 
“To survive.”
“What?”
“Isn’t that everyone’s purpose in life? To live well and long, that’s why everyone works so hard."
He answered with a playful tone, but I could sense the truth behind his words.
“So, unlike what people say, people can’t live outside the walls.”
“Yes. That’s basically it.”
What is it like outside the walls?
I wanted to ask more, but I had run out of questions.
“Well… I feel like I gave you very brief answers for my last question, so I'll give you a little bonus.”
…Bonus?
I tilted my head in confusion, and Lee Baekho grinned.
“There won't be any incidents involving the Noark for the next year. So you can rest assured.”
Ironically, hearing that I could rest assured made me feel even more anxious. 
After all, we always see beyond the words.
‘For a year….’
After that time is up, something big is coming. 