## Outsider (1)
I had felt it distinctly during my time travel. Knowing the unchangeable future was a curse. But... 
“So… that means something will happen a year later?”
“Yes. Something will happen. A very interesting and big event.”
Still, there was a positive side to consider. Assuming Lee Baekho’s words were true, it meant I could live peacefully for the next year.
“You’re not going to tell me what kind of event it is?”
“Hyung, it wouldn’t be an event if I told you in advance.”
“Then at least tell me this. Is the event going to destroy District 7 again...?”
“Hmm, I don’t think so...? The event I’m talking about isn’t that kind of event… .”
That was welcome news. It was a crucial factor for me, who was planning to invest heavily in the real estate business.
‘But… if it’s not that kind of event, then what the hell is it?’
As I quietly pondered alone, Lee Baekho made a sheepish expression.
“Ah, did I give too many hints?”
‘Give too many hints, my ass.’
‘I have absolutely no idea.’
“Anyways, I’ve said everything I need to say, right...?”
‘Not really?’
“...What?”
The moment I tilted my head in confusion, Lee Baekho vanished right in front of me.
“Poof.”
Ugh… I really need to get stronger quickly.
***
A few days after visiting the Marquis’ residence, the reconstruction of District 7 officially began. 
Our tribe’s proud labor warriors, the adult men from Befron, and architectural experts from various noble families within Melbes, led by the Count Goldbeard, all joined hands. 
They began the demolition work, and construction started immediately after each section was cleared. 
The work progressed at an incredibly fast pace, even surpassing modern construction sites, given the number of workers involved.
The reason for this remarkable speed was simple.
KWA-A-A-A-A-A-A-NG-!
While there were no heavy machinery, there was magic. 
Furthermore, the design was not for complex skyscrapers, and more importantly, the workers themselves were on a different level altogether.
“Wait! Lifting like that risks hurting your back—!”
“Huh?”
“...It's amazing even after all this time. Doesn't it feel heavy?”
“This is nothing! It’s hardly even a workout!”
They effortlessly handled processes that would require heavy machinery, making it impossible for modern construction to surpass their speed.
“The Baron of Tailan offered to sell the entire 7-2 commercial district if we just paid a little more.”
“Sell the entire commercial district? Buy it immediately.”
As the construction work continued, Grandfather, the Chief, negotiated the purchase of District 7 land at a lower price from the nobles he had brokered deals with.
And then…
“7-2 commercial district? That area wasn’t scheduled for work until much later.”
“The schedule has been changed. It’s Baron Yandell’s order.”
As expected, the demolition and reconstruction of the purchased land commenced immediately. 
It was necessary to build homes quickly to attract tenants and buy even more land with the profits.
“This is the house I’ll be living in for the next two years...!”
“It’s cramped, but it’s got everything you need!”
“Having Befron next door is unsettling, but we have no choice. The prices in other districts have skyrocketed… .”
Contrary to my initial anxieties, finding tenants wasn’t a big problem. It was divided into studio apartments, with dozens of people living in a single building.
The lower rents were bound to make them less demanding.
Furthermore, the low-interest loans approved by the bank and the housing allowance provided by the royal family to the existing residents of District 7 were also a boon to the project.
“With this level of population density, I think even a store would be profitable.”
As more residents moved in, businesses also became interested, creating a virtuous cycle that facilitated the smooth expansion of my business.
Of course, there were some issues along the way.
“Ahem… I’m sorry, but please forget about the previous agreement to sell the land.”
As District 7 rapidly normalized, many nobles who had initially agreed to sell their land withdrew their offers. 
However…
“Baron...?”
“Ah, I’m really busy, why do you keep coming here?”
“I'd like to hear the reason why only our family’s land isn’t under construction—.”
“Don't rush me. Can’t you see everyone is working hard?”
“...That's not the issue! Buildings have already been built around us, why is our land still an empty field? We submitted the blueprints long ago, we just need to start building—!”
“Ah, I told you to wait, did I say no one is going to build? It’ll happen when the time is right.”
“... .”
For reference, each family was prevented from hiring separate workers to build their buildings. 
The reconstruction of District 7 had to be carried out through our Baron Yandell.
“Alright. I’ll sell it… .”
Many families raised the white flag, unable to withstand my blatant manipulation, but it was also true that more families decided to hold out.
‘Those guys will be the last ones to start construction… .’
One month, two months, three months… 
Time flew by, my business was on track, and there was less for me to worry about.
From then on, I focused more on other things than the business.
It was good to make money, but there was no meaning in putting the cart before the horse.
“We’re finally a family now. Welcome.”
“Phoo… I never thought it would take this long.”
James Calla, Vice-Captain of the Serrated Teeth clan. Knight Sven Parav. Noble officer Meland Kaislan. Mage Corps member, Lilis Marone.
I finally officially recruited the former Ice Rock expedition members who had left their respective groups and returned to the world as ordinary citizens.
“Is Mr. Akuraba not joining?”
“I don’t know yet. I contacted him, saying I wanted to see him, but I haven’t received a reply.”
“It seems like a similar situation to Ravien’s.”
“...It’s not an easy decision. A lot of time has passed since that day.”
“But I still can’t understand it! I still can’t sleep properly because of what happened—!”
“P, please calm down, Ms. Marone. T, they must have their reasons.”
Well, I think it’s more of a difference in personality rather than a reason.
While there’s someone like Lilis Marone, there are others who think it’s better to forget.
That’s much easier in reality.
“I… well, I joined because I was asked to, but… is there anything for us to do?”
“Honestly, I’m wondering the same thing. Now that the Labyrinth is closed, what can we do together… .”
“Could it be… that the Labyrinth will reopen soon?”
I shook my head at the new members’ questions.
“No, I haven’t heard anything about the Labyrinth reopening. But there is other news.”
“What kind of news… .”
“There will be a large tournament at the festival held in the 13th month.”
This was exclusive information I obtained through my connections with the nobles, so not many people know yet.
“What kind of tournament are you talking about… ?”
“The specifics might change, but they’re going to gather all the clans and make them compete. Our primary goal is to win that tournament.”
“...Ah! I heard that such tournaments were held a few times in the past!”
“But I don’t understand why they’re holding this kind of tournament at this time of all times.”
“That’s exactly why they’re holding it. The royal family always wants to keep the public distracted.”
“I… but if that’s the primary goal… does that mean there are other goals as well… ?”
Seeing Sven Parav, who seemed more interested in this than the tournament, I chuckled.
“Of course there are. It’s still a secret, though.”
“...Huh?”
“Don’t make that face. It’s just in the planning stage, that’s all. I’ll tell you again when it’s more concrete.”
Since I’ve mentioned the existence of a second goal, that was enough for now.
“Follow me! Everyone’s waiting.”
After that, I took the new members inside for the welcome party. 
A gathering where the existing and new members sat together, eating and drinking, naturally forming friendships.
“Mr. Kaislan, you look much better.”
“Ah, really...? I don’t know… .”
“You definitely look better. In the basement, you had a sort of hard-to-approach vibe.”
“Aha… Was that so?”
Everyone who lived together in the basement, including Goblin and Kaislan, had already met. But there were also some people who were meeting for the first time today.
“James Calla! Nice to meet you!!”
“Ah… Nice to meet you too. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“I hear you’re an archer? Shoot me with an arrow!”
“R, right now…?”
“We become close through fighting!”
James Calla and Lilis Marone, who didn’t participate in the basement expedition, were seeing Ainar, Misha, and Auyen for the first time.
“Marone, say hi. This is Misha Kaislan. This is our navigator, Auyen Rockrobe.”
“Ah, yes… Nice to meet you both.”
When I didn’t try to intrude, the three, knowing the purpose of the gathering, began to chat amongst themselves.
Ah, well, that is, until Ainar noticed them.
“Hey! What are you three talking about?! Let us in!”
“...Huh?”
“Ah, right! Do you want to see this too? This guy’s going to shoot me with an arrow.”
“...I didn’t say anything like that.”
Everyone seemed drained by Ainar, but I didn’t intervene.
After all, right?
An extremely extroverted person is necessary in gatherings like this to create a much more relaxed atmosphere.
“Yandell, come here for a sec.”
As I stood a little distance away watching Ainar, Amelia approached quietly and led me to a secluded corner.
“What is it?”
“I have something to tell you about what you asked.”
I immediately lowered my voice.
“Ah, did you find out…?”
“I can’t confirm its authenticity, but I have some information.”
To be honest, I was a bit surprised.
I asked, but I didn’t expect her to bring back results this quickly.
“Tell me now. It’s alright even if the information is wrong.”
At my urging, Amelia relayed the information she had gathered. I listened silently.
And after a while…
“But… .”
Amelia, having finished her explanation, asked me with worried eyes.
“Are you really going to do it…?”
It seemed she had found a solution because she was asked, but it didn’t sound like she was on board with the idea.
However…
“There’s no other way.”
Those Noark bastards are hiding a lot.
The royal family is worse.
Even Lee Baekho and the jester are keeping things tightly under wraps, so I have no solid information.
But in the meantime.
[So… that means something will happen a year later?]
[Yes. Something will happen. A very interesting and big event.]
Something is brewing beneath the surface.
And I can’t stand idly by, it’s against my nature.
It wouldn’t be a suitable choice for an explorer either.
“Emily, don’t worry too much.”
“... .”
“It’s just time, after all.”
It’s time to explore outside the walls.