## Chapter 662: Companionship (1)
The ancient curse laid upon this world by the witches. In short, this curse is similar to ‘radiation’. After the curse, the entire continent became a death land where no life could exist, and only Laphdonia was able to escape that calamity. 
…That's what the world knows.
But outside the walls, there was no witch’s curse. Or, to be more precise, there wasn’t the witch’s curse we knew.
[The outside is completely fine. Plants grow, and if you get close, you can see insects eating the grass. Wild animals are the same.]
Like a post by a Noark player on the Ghostbusters bulletin board.
Outside the walls was not a land filled with death.
‘Well, it doesn’t seem completely fine though.’
I stand at the edge of the cliff, gazing at the ash-gray world before me. Everything was ash-gray, but only the sun rising from afar shone red, creating a sense of incongruity.
“….The world never recovered, has it?”
A world that looked clearly ruined, as if the GM had murmured those words.  Yet, the more I saw, the more questions arose. Because none of the words the royal family had spoken were true.
‘Radiation, my ass…‘
There was no poison like substance in the air. There was simply a world that had been destroyed in a different way. Of course, I have no idea why the royal family would hide this fact—
“I think I understand why the royal family distorted the truth.”
“Hmm?”
Lowering the telescope he had taken out without realizing when, the GM continued.
“How could they tell the people within the walls that the world is heading towards destruction?”
“…What are you talking about?”
“Look down there.”
The GM pointed at the boundary where the ash-gray waves met the land.
“It's expanding slowly, almost imperceptible to the naked eye, but it's slowly expanding.”
Taking the telescope he handed me, I looked at the spot, and I saw that the erosion was slowly progressing beyond the boundary.
“The problem is… it doesn’t seem to be just this side.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Those who first went out of the walls didn’t return to the city, did they? It wouldn’t be different just because it’s the opposite side.”
“But why would they come back to the city? If it’s like you say, the city will be destroyed first anyway?”
“Well, maybe they know something we don’t, right? Maybe the erosion won’t be able to break through the protective magic circle even if it progresses.”
The rest of the story was a guess, not a typical mage’s speculation of “if this then that.” But….
‘He’s not wrong.’
In fact, the Noarks attacked the city.  This means there is a means of survival within Laphdonia. I don’t know exactly what it is yet.
‘I guess I’ll have to explore and find out the rest.’
In that sense, I went down to the coast with the GM and did some investigation. Sadly, we didn’t find much. But, I’ll organize it anyway….
Bang!
First of all, this erosion zone is literally a death zone. The moment anything, be it an object or whatever, touches it, it loses its color and hardens like stone.  I haven’t tested it on a person, by the way. I’m curious to see if it works if you have high magical resistance, but I don’t have the courage to actually experiment. 
Anyway.
“A… corpse, it seems.”
Secondly, we found a skeleton inside a cave while surveying the coastline. It looked like it had been there for at least a few years, but there was nothing else to find even after searching the surroundings.
Finally, the most important third point.
“At this rate, it will reach the outer wall of the 10th district in about 10 years.”
Assuming the erosion proceeds at the same rate, it will reach the city in 10 years. Well, if the protective magic circle surrounding the city can block the erosion, there shouldn’t be any problems.
“Let’s finish the search and go back.”
“Are you going back right away?”
“I can’t be stuck here forever, and you need to go back home, too, right?”
I chuckled and said that, and the GM’s eyes widened. It’s like he couldn’t believe I was speaking in such a normal way?
“Why would you—.”
“No! Let’s go! Quickly!”
He seems genuinely happy, almost to the point of being hurtful. I thought we were becoming close friends.
“Fine, let’s go.”
After that, we moved away from the coast towards the wall and continued our conversation.
“Havelion. Isn’t this strange?”
“What is?”
“That this fact hasn’t been revealed yet. From the wall of the 10th district, you could see the whole world turning upside down. I don’t think I’ve ever heard anything like that before.”
“Perhaps… have you never been to the top of the wall, Baron?”
“I have.”
I explained my experience of climbing the wall of Befron and admiring the vast nature spread out before me, and the GM nodded in understanding.
“That’s because Befron is a special case. The other walls have illusion magic cast upon them. I believe it was Befron that had a problem with that magic, the only one in the city.”
“Oh, really?”
“It's something you can't know from the outside, so it's only natural that you wouldn't know. Oh, by the way, the soldiers and knights who served on the wall of Befron thought the nature outside the wall was an illusion because of the illusion magic.”
This was the first time I heard this. He does know a lot, given his high status as a mage and his years of experience.
“But… isn’t the Holy Ground also under illusion magic?”
Ah, that…
“Yes, but I didn’t know the wall was like that.”
The Holy Ground is located outside the wall. The history books say that the royal family respected the different races and gave them their own independent land to live on, but in reality, it’s discrimination and rejection.  Isn’t that evident in the recent attack on the 7th district?  As soon as the Noarks activated the magic circle made by the royal family long ago, the Holy Ground was completely cut off and isolated from the city—
‘My mind is wandering.’
Anyway, if you keep walking from the Holy Ground, you’ll encounter an invisible wall that stops you from going further. At that time, the forest was spread out beyond it….
[Everything has its time.]
[…..]
[Warrior, it’s not time to be curious about what’s beyond yet.]
Thinking back, the shaman said something very meaningful at the time. I wonder what it’s like. I’ve grown so much since then. Is it now the right time to be curious about what’s outside the wall?
“Well, you might have thought the Holy Ground was a special case. After all, it’s said that illusion magic was cast for the sake of other races, at least nominally.”
“Still, I’m suddenly curious. I wonder what it’s really like.”
“Yes…?”
“Now that we’re on the topic, I’m going to check it out. We’re passing by anyway.”
Taking the opportunity, I slightly changed my route and headed closer to the wall.
“The whole area around the wall is forest, so it’s quite inconvenient.”
“Stop complaining and keep moving.”
I was gently guiding the GM, who was eager to go back home, when we arrived at one of the six Holy Grounds that exist in Laphdonia.
Thud.
An invisible barrier blocking further access, as if to say that no further approach is allowed. This is the Holy Ground of the elves, located in the 9th district.  It wasn’t difficult to look inside from the outside.
‘…It’s just a forest.’
Since it’s the outermost boundary of the Holy Ground, it was impossible to see the elf’s living environment or the cityscape, but it was still interesting.
‘It’s so big…….’
The trees are so huge and neat, unlike the Holy Ground of the barbarians. As if they had been carefully managed for thousands of years.
“….Well, I came here because you told me to, but are you just going to stand here?”
The GM started to hint that I was just staring inside with interest. And surprisingly, at that moment.
“…Hmm?”
I thought I saw something moving beyond the barrier.
“Wait a minute.”
“…Yes?”
“Quietly.”
I told the GM to shut his mouth and stared intently at the forest, and I spotted an elf appearing between the trees. A silver-haired male elf with a youthful face, perhaps a minor or a newly adult.
“He’s coming this way.”
The elf walks slowly towards where we are.
“Can he see…?”
It was a very precise direction, so that thought crossed my mind, but it seemed unlikely in reality.  If he saw a person outside the barrier, he wouldn’t have that calm expression on his face.
Swish.
The elf arrived in front of the barrier, reached out his hand, and stroked the invisible wall as if touching it. He mumbles something….
“…..”
I couldn’t hear him because of the barrier. But, did the GM have lip-reading skills?
“He says it’s stuffy.”
“….You can read lips?”
“It’s a skill I learned along the way. It wasn’t that hard a word either.”
The GM smiled humbly, but I was truly surprised.  We are, after all, players. It was a different story to understand what a person was saying by reading their lips than to speak and hear without any problems.
“Oh, now he’s muttering to himself, ‘What’s out there…?’”
Thanks to him translating it, I understood why the elf had that expression on his face.
“Curiosity is one of the greatest desires that people have. Maybe one day, this boy will make a name for himself.”
“Didn’t you say that people should question things they can handle?”
“Yes, that’s why I said it’s great. People like me are just curious, you know?”
What a good speaker, as expected of a mage.
“In that sense, if Baron has satisfied his curiosity, shouldn’t we move on?”
“Fine, let’s go.”
I chuckled and agreed to the GM’s request. But for a moment, I turned back and looked at the silver-haired elf beyond the barrier one last time.
‘Hmm, his face looks a little familiar…‘
Well, if we are destined to meet again, we will.
***
As usual, the way back was the reverse of the path we took to get here. But, perhaps because we spent a few days in unfamiliar places and built up a sense of familiarity, we didn’t have awkward silences like we did on the way here.  I guess he’s not as uncomfortable around me anymore?
“Speaking of that, Baron, what about you? I hear you’re a notorious flirt in the city.”
“It’s all just rumors.”
“Hmm, I heard there was one that was actually true—.”
“….You’ve gotten pretty comfortable, haven’t you?”
“Haha… I’m, I’m sorry.”
He even started asking me private questions that he must have been secretly curious about.
“Um… Baron, what’s your goal?”
“Are you trying to pick a fight?”
“No, no! I’m asking you out of genuine curiosity. You always put yourself in dangerous situations and seem to be constantly busy.”
“….I don’t have one.”
“Huh?”
“I mean, I never had any big goals. Just to survive, me and my people. That’s about it.”
Of course, the world is a give and take.  Since he was honest about me, I continued asking him personal questions too.
“What about you? What’s your goal?”
“Me?”
“Yeah, you’re asking me that, so I figured you’d have a clear goal.”
“I….”
The GM hesitated for a moment when I asked about his goal, but then he slowly continued.
“I… there’s someone I really want to see again. Someday.”
If I interpret that as a player, it means his goal is to return to his original world, and the reason for that is ‘someone’.
‘Family, I guess……?’
I didn’t know, but I nodded, pretending I didn’t know.
“I see. I hope you can see that person again, whoever they are.”
“…Thank you.”
“Good luck.”
I patted his shoulder in a gesture of encouragement, and the GM ran away from me, then chuckled at how funny it was. And then….
“Except for the incomprehensible ‘cultural differences’… Baron Yandel is a pretty good guy, it seems.”
I wasn’t sure if it was a compliment or sarcasm. Well, I understand.  If even the locals think I’m strange, how strange would I look in the eyes of a player?
‘It’s still a little unfair.’
What if they had started as barbarians too?  I bet they’d act just like me, 100 out of 100 times.
…Maybe.
“Let’s rest here for the night.”
“Yes. That sounds good.”
As it got reasonably dark, we set up a simple blanket in a clearing with fewer trees.
‘At this rate, I should be back in the city by tomorrow evening.’
I closed my eyes tightly and reviewed my schedule for tomorrow once more, when suddenly, a sentimental voice came from beside me.
“The sky, I mean.”
“……?”
“The sky is the same in any world.”
Actually, that’s something I often feel during camping. When I just lie down at night and look at the sky, I don’t know where I am. But, I guess he realized that he should have waited for me to ask, so he added an explanation he hadn’t been asked for.
“Oh, I mean, whether it’s inside or outside the walls.”
“Yeah, it’s really no different.”
“…..”
We spent a while silently looking up at the sky.  Maybe because he’s always stuck in the tower? He was out here sleeping under the stars, and it reminded him of the old days, I guess. He used to spend his days like this when he was in and out of the labyrinth.
“Baron.”
“Why are you calling me?”
“You were curious about my first school, weren’t you?”
“I was. But you said you didn’t want to talk about it, so I didn’t ask much.”
Why, are you finally ready to talk about it now?  I asked that, and the GM chuckled wryly, but then he answered decisively.
“Yes, it’s not that interesting of a story, though.”
He seems to have a nostalgic feeling about that day.  A day when he wants to talk to someone, anyone. 