## Chapter 664: Together (3)
A vein throbbed on his forehead. His breaths were ragged. He gnawed at his lower lip, fists clenched tight.  Witnessing Baek Ho in this state of boiling anger, the first thought that crossed my mind was "unfamiliar."
"Huh? Why aren't you answering? You're serious, aren't you?"
It was incredibly strange. Baek Ho, who always acted with impunity, with an inability to control his impulses, doing whatever he wanted. Why did his anger feel so foreign to me? 
I pondered, and the answer soon emerged. 
"Come to think of it... he never really did."
Surprisingly, Baek Ho had never truly expressed genuine anger before. We'd bickered, threatened each other, but it had always felt like a play-acting of sorts, a performance driven by a perceived need to be menacing. But this...
"Ha, I never thought I'd be caught in this kind of mess."
This felt different. Baek Ho perceived that I had "attacked" him, and his reaction was intensely sensitive.  I needed to regain composure.  After all, it wasn't even my fault...
"Hold on a minute."
More importantly, I needed to understand the situation myself.
"...The return magic circle was broken?"
If that was true, I was in a major predicament. The magic circle had a restoration spell set up, but it would take at least a year to repair.
"...So you're running away and then trying to deny it?"
"I wasn't running away."
"Then why were you moving away?"
To Baek Ho's question, the GM cautiously intervened.
"It was because there were traces of a previous visitor at the entrance. We had to distance ourselves. If they knew we were outside, it would be a problem."
"...Is that true?"
"There's no reason to lie. And if someone really deliberately destroyed the magic circle, we wouldn't have time for this."
"Hmph... I suppose that's true."
Baek Ho's anger subsided swiftly after the GM's statement. It felt strange to see him calm down so easily, but...
"Ah, right, this guy has lie detection."
It might not work on me, but it would be effective on the GM. 
Just then, a thought struck me.
"Baek Ho, their words are true."
The archer, who had followed Baek Ho out, appeared, supporting our innocence.
"The scent from inside and the scents of these two are completely different."
"...Really?"
Baek Ho took a step back, an awkward expression on his face.
"The scent leads in that direction."
"Okay, received."
Baek Ho’s figure, like a rubber band snapping back, shot towards the spot the archer indicated. It felt like he'd been a punching bag and now wasn't even getting a proper apology...
"We should go too."
"Yes...?"
I picked up the GM and ran towards where Baek Ho was headed. We needed to confirm things for ourselves.  Which bastard did this?
Thud, thud-!
As I sprinted through the forest at maximum output, the archer soon overtook me.  Why couldn’t he just go quietly?
"...Excuse me."
Is being rude a characteristic of non-player characters? 
I didn't know, but as we ran, I saw Baek Ho and the archer stopped at a thicket. They were both bent over, examining something below.
"They planned this, didn't they?"
"Yes. It seems they planned this specifically for us."
"Ugh, so our information was leaked... who could it be?"
"Didn't you meet Baron's party at the old Noirark fortress?  Maybe it was leaked from their side—."
"Don't be ridiculous. It's clearly our problem. Baron wouldn't think otherwise, would he?"
Well, I didn't know the whole situation, but if it was a targeted attack, I thought it was more likely to be Baek Ho than me.
"So, what's down there anyway?"
"Ah, would you like to see?"
As I slowly approached Baek Ho, a body hidden by the foliage came into view. It was a horrifying sight—a corpse, its entire body melting away, revealing bone.
"...It seems to be suicide."
The GM, a veteran mage, calmly stated the obvious, barely reacting to the body. Baek Ho nodded in agreement.
"Right? You think the same, too, don't you?"
"...This kind of cover-up is a common tactic."
"Anything else you've figured out?"
"...They weren't a mage, at least."
"Of course.  A mage's left ribcage sticks out more because of their skeletal structure."
"Yes, it's a characteristic due to their heart being significantly larger than normal."
They spoke as if it were common knowledge, but this was all news to me.
'The left ribcage is larger...'
I don't know why, but I had to remember that.  It might come in handy when I'm alone someday.
"I think the mage they came with went back, and this guy here probably destroyed the magic circle."
"He came all the way here to destroy evidence and then died alone?"
"Yes.  Looking at the yellow dust on the leaves here, it seems like they used strong hydrochloric acid fruit powder.  Ah, by the way, strong hydrochloric acid fruit powder is a key ingredient in something often called the 'Blue Curse'... "
"I know.  It's something the royal family uses frequently, right?"
Baek Ho's voice was sharp, almost icy. 
"...If the royal family was truly behind this, they wouldn't have used this."
"You never know.  They could have used it to mislead people into thinking that."
"..."
In any case, the situation was simple.
Baek Ho, me...
This unknown dead man had destroyed the magic circle to make our lives miserable.
In other words.
"Ha, we're screwed.  Grandpa said it would take at least a year."
We were stuck outside the walls until the magic circle was repaired.
***
"There's nothing more to gain here.  Should we return to where we were?  I'd like to check the magic circle myself."
Following the GM's request, we returned to the entrance of the cave.  Baek Ho's companions were waiting there...
"Just Grandpa and me.  The rest of you stay here.  Okay?"
"Yes, okay, okay!  Don't let anyone enter.  Don't worry!"
The gatekeeper, the archer, and the mysterious newcomer—all three were ordered to stay at the entrance.  Baek Ho, the GM, and I—along with the Doomsayer—headed into the cave.
"Hmm, maybe we're entangled in this fellow's fate."
The Doomsayer muttered with a significant tone, but neither the GM nor I said anything in response.
"..."
"..."
Man, this is awkward. 
Thud, thud.
Baek Ho, seemingly deep in thought, remained silent.  This uncomfortable silence continued until we reached the location of the magic circle.
"...It's completely shattered."
It looked like a dynamite explosion had gone off—the scene was littered with scorches and craters.
"Grandpa said we'd have to wait. What do you think?"
"...I share the same opinion. There are ways to improve its recovery rate, but—"
"What? There's a way? Tell me!"
"In its current state, it's practically impossible—"
"Ah, I'll make the judgment, so just tell me."
The GM frowned momentarily at Baek Ho's domineering tone, but then listed the necessary items one by one.  As I listened, I understood why it was practically impossible.
Eldritch’s Forcecore.
Soulwinder’s Magic Core.
Goulroad’s Life Stone...
All the listed materials were byproducts exclusively found within the labyrinth.
And, of course, even if you carry magical stones, no one carries around those kinds of byproducts.
"Ha... why are all the necessary items so niche?  I have a lot of common byproducts like Ogre Tendons that sell well."
"...I told you.  It's practically impossible in its current state—"
"Huh? It's not totally impossible though, right?"
The GM tilted her head at Baek Ho's smooth response, and the Doomsayer, nodding, stepped in to explain.
"Indeed.  If this is your first visit, you wouldn't have seen it yet."
"...Haven't seen it?  What does that mean?"
"There are also monsters outside the walls."
...This is also a first for me.
***
Monsters outside the walls.
From what I gathered, these monsters had a few distinct characteristics:
1. Somehow, monsters do not appear near Rafdonia.
2. Upon defeat, they always drop byproducts, and if you use a distortion spell during the hunt, you can obtain essence or magical stones.
3. While the number of monsters is extremely low, their intelligence is significantly higher than those within the labyrinth.
To sum it up, those were the three main points.  To me, the second point was the most important.
"...They always drop byproducts when you defeat them?"
"Yes.  It's the complete opposite of the labyrinth."
Monsters outside the walls, even when their life force is extinguished, do not vanish into light. They leave their physical bodies behind.
And perhaps due to this characteristic...
"I just threw away a few because they were too much hassle.  Ha...  when will I get to go there again..."
Baek Ho, as a result of living outside the walls, had easily obtained numerous byproducts.  Unfortunately, due to space constraints, he only looted valuable materials like Ogre Tendons...
'Holy shit...'
A chill ran down my spine as I heard those words.
'A hunting ground where distortion spells always succeed?'
In some ways, it's as revolutionary as the Essence Factory on the first underground floor.
That's because you could make a fortune just by hunting and selling byproducts...
'Could I finish the grind I can't even estimate how long it will take, in one try?'
This revelation was incredibly appealing to me.
After all, Barbarians are as obsessed with 'byproducts' as mages.
To increase the 'Soul Branding' level, I always need monster byproducts.
In other words...
'Could I get freebies up to Tier 9 materials?'
Being isolated outside the walls is unfortunate, but it's an excellent opportunity to level up my Soul Branding, which has been stagnating for years.
"Baron? What are you grinning about?"
"..."
"Okay, let's go out now.  I'll properly introduce you to the team later.  We'll be together for a while anyway."
We'll be together...
"...Alright."
While Baek Ho made me a little uneasy, it was wise to stay with him.  He knew much more about the outside world than I did. It's more rational to follow him for now.
"Grandpa, me, and Aoures introduced ourselves last time, so it's unnecessary... "
Baek Ho, emerging from the cave, briefly introduced his companions.
"This is our archer.  His name is Leighton Briet."
He's human but skilled enough to beat any elf, right?  Oh, he added something after looking at me.
"Ah... but he wouldn't be able to beat Baron's elf archer, though."
Well, of course.  How can you beat someone who can control the Spirit King and has consumed Essence of the Layers?
"...It's nice to meet you. I've heard a lot about you from Kalstain."
"Yeah, nice to meet you."
Briet shyly extended his hand, but I ignored it completely and shifted my gaze to the side.  I wasn't curious about him, having heard about him from Misha. 
Unlike the mysterious newcomer.
"Ah, and this is our team healer... "
"I'll introduce myself."
The newcomer, clad in a robe, interrupted Baek Ho and stepped forward. He wasn't revealing his face, still keeping his head down...
'...I was unsure, but he's a girl.'
No wonder he looked so small.
"I'm Jeina."
"..."
"That's it."
While not wrong, her sharp tone reminded me of Raven.  Is that a characteristic of short people?
As I chuckled,  Baek Ho's tank, Rex Aoures, approached with a hearty laugh.
"Hahaha! I don't know how long it will take, but let's get along!  Baron!"
...Maybe I can get along with this one.