## Chapter 666: New World (1)
"What's your relationship with Baekho?"
It was a question the GM had likely been holding back, finally letting it slip. There hadn't been a good opportunity before.
He seemed to have given it some thought, considering how he phrased it.
"It's not that I'm accusing you, but I'm simply curious. You two went off to talk earlier..."
"So?"
"That man uses formal language towards you, even though he doesn't bother with other nobles... I just found it a little peculiar..."
That was the real reason.
Why was Baekho, that arrogant jerk, so polite and respectful towards me?
It must have been driving the GM crazy with curiosity.
'He even knows how we first met.'
Thinking back on our first encounter still makes me shudder.
It happened when the GM, disguised as Hans I, approached me and Baekho intervened, and I was caught in the crossfire.
'That was a crazy motherfucker...'
Just because he was curious, Baekho had held me captive in a place teeming with royal knights, demanding to know if I was a player.
'That was years ago...'
I realized how much time had passed, and slowly opened my mouth.
"Not good, I'd say. We were enemies from the moment we met."
"Hmm, enemies, you say...?"
"Yeah. Some strange guy suddenly fell from the sky and tried to kill me. He vanished right before my eyes, but I still have no idea what happened."
"...So, that's what happened?"
The GM tilted his head, feigning ignorance. It was kind of funny, but I kept going, not letting on that I noticed.
"The next time I saw him was at the Gnome Tree."
"Gnome Tree... you say...?"
"Right. I was there with my companions on a mission and ran into him again. Things happened after that... We had a rather unpleasant encounter, involving one of my companions."
I glossed over the details, worried that if I lied too elaborately, he'd find inconsistencies. 
Besides, he likely already knew about Misha.
"Companions... you say...?"
"It's a bit complicated to explain, but we made several deals, and things are now more or less settled."
"Settled, you say...?"
"It's a sort of truce. We both know that harming the other would be costly. So, we're careful."
The GM's expression shifted to one of slight surprise.
He seemed to be thinking, 'Baekho...?'
Perhaps he never expected me to be this strong.
'Oh, how disappointing.'
It was a bit embellished, but I wasn't lying entirely.
I wouldn't be able to beat Baekho in a one-on-one fight.
But I wouldn't lose either.
Anyway.
"You asked me about our relationship earlier, right?"
The GM nodded in response to my question, and I summarized our relationship in one simple sentence, as concise as possible.
"To me, Baekho is..."
There was no need to lie this time.
We're only holding back from drawing our blades because we have something to gain from each other right now.
No more confusion.
"Someone I need to bash his skull in, someday."
Baekho is an enemy.
***
"Is that all you're curious about?"
"Yes... He is a dangerous individual, after all. It was necessary to be aware of your relationship with him."
"Is that so?"
"It's a relief to hear that you are not on his side. He's someone who's only a burden to be entangled with... Though, I'm sure you know that, Baron."
Did he sense the sincerity in my declaration?
The GM showed no doubt about my hostility towards Baekho, and seemed pleased with my sentiment.
'Well, it's understandable. If I were to befriend Baekho here, I'd be left with absolutely no one to rely on.'
After that conversation about Baekho, our business was seemingly finished.
I was about to return to my seat when Baekho called out to the GM.
"Hey, come here for a sec."
"Me? Are you talking to me?"
The GM's shoulders flinched, like a student being called out by a bully. 
Baekho stared at me, as if seeking my approval. 
"What's going on with my companion?"
"Oh, Baron, don't worry. I wouldn't harm a hair on his head. I need him to fix the magic circle, would I really hurt him?"
I wasn't worried about that.
It was just that the GM kept looking at me like that, I couldn't just ignore him.
"...Let him hear what you have to say."
"Right. Sure. That's all then, right?  Come on, let's go."
"...Yeah, whatever."
The GM, like a cow being led to slaughter, followed Baekho, and they began talking.
'Maybe I should learn lip-reading someday.'
I couldn't hear what they were saying, but based on their expressions, it seemed Baekho was complaining while the GM awkwardly smiled and tried to explain.
'Now that I think about it, they didn't end things on a good note either...'
The GM had banished Baekho from the community, causing Baekho to harbor a grudge against him.
Whether they had met after that, I have no idea. 
'That was a lot shorter than I expected?'
Surprisingly, their conversation ended quickly, and the GM returned with a dejected look on his face.
"What did you talk about?"
"We had a bit of an incident in the past... I was explaining myself... Haha..."
Ah, so he's not telling me.
I'll have to ask Baekho later.
"Let's get some sleep. It'll be morning soon, and we won't have much time to rest."
"Yes... You should rest too, Baron."
After that, everyone took a short nap, and the next morning, we began preparing to activate the 'portal' that Baekho mentioned.
"A dimensional stone...?"
"Looks similar, right?"
"Are there more of these hidden throughout the continent...?"
"Well, I don't know if there are more. Apparently, the old man found this one... I've never seen another portal connected to something like this."
The old man. 
It must be Auril Gaviss.
"It might look similar, but it's different from the dimensional stone we saw in the labyrinth. It doesn't just open when you touch it. You have to infuse it with magic."
Ah, so that's why he kept mentioning magical frequencies.
Apparently, when multiple mages share their magic, they need to practice their coordination beforehand, or make some preparations.
"Let's begin then."
"Yes..."
The Doom Scholar and the GM stood in front of the stone, placed their hands on it simultaneously, and closed their eyes.
And then...
Whoooooom-!
A condensed mass of magic, pulsating in a spectrum of vibrant colors, shimmered in front of our eyes.
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh-!
The infused magic began to condense, forming the familiar shape of a portal.
"I'll go first. Follow me carefully. This portal only lasts about five minutes!"
Baekho was the first to leap through the portal, followed by his companions.
"Uh..."
"What are you doing? Go on."
"Yes... I'll go first..."
To be prepared for any unexpected circumstances, I let the GM go through first, and then quickly followed him.
And then...
Flash-!
My vision returned, and I felt that familiar sensation of floating, just like when I used a portal in the labyrinth. 
I turned my head, scanning the surroundings, trying to get a sense of the location.
But then I froze, stunned.
An artificial structure in the shape of a spire, its nature unclear.
A flat, level dirt floor, ideal for people to walk on.
Log houses lined up in rows, arranged like a checkerboard, and a partially collapsed fence in the distance.
"A village...?"
"Ah, didn't I tell you? This is where the Noark kids settled."
Noark's settlement.
***
As the GM and I looked around in awe, Baekho shrugged and started his tour of Noark's settlement.
"It's no city, but it looks pretty decent, right? They've got houses, a fence surrounding the whole village, and they dug out several wells, so they should be okay for now. There's a field outside the fence where they used to grow crops. It's not a big river, but if you go east, there's a river."
Contrary to my expectations, Noark's settlement was far more established than I'd imagined.
I could even imagine living here happily, for what it's worth.
The problem, of course, would be that 'monster' I heard about.
'It's completely deserted...'
The huge fence surrounding the village was half-destroyed, and the houses were also showing signs of damage.
There were black stains of blood everywhere...
"And, also this."
Baekho tapped the dimensional stone, the portal now gone, and continued.
"They used it to open a portal to the labyrinth, but only the old man can do it. Even our old man doesn't know how."
"He doesn't know how, but he did manage to figure out that it's a space-time magic."
"Yeah, well, that's just semantics... It's like... an excuse..."
Baekho teased the Doom Scholar, but it's Auril Gaviss who's actually strange.
The fact that he opened a portal straight to the 7th floor.
The fact that he teleported thousands of people. 
It's like that old man is constantly bending the rules of this world to his will.
"But why did they come here, after going through the trouble of building this village?"
"Well, they had to eat, right? Apparently, they didn't pack enough food when they escaped, so they even ate monster meat until they got here?"
"...But you said they had a field, didn't you?"
"Nah, that came later. And it was just a trial field. Hardly anything grew, and it wasn't nearly enough to feed that many people."
"So, they needed more mana stones."
"Yeah, I guess that's the main reason."
"It sounds like there's another reason."
I hinted at it, and Baekho shrugged nonchalantly.
"Well, monsters appear here too, right? If they don't mine mana stones, they'll eventually be doomed. And... they were worried the royal family might find them."
Well, it makes sense when you think about it. 
Noark's settlement is located in the 'Grey Fields' of the 7th layer, the Dark Continent.
The monsters they encounter are likely quite high-level.
"Of course, after that monster appeared, everything became meaningless. It came several times and turned the village into a wasteland. The stubborn lord finally gave up and decided to go inside the walls, right?"
"I see..."
"Anyway, I'm done asking questions. Let's go!"
Baekho finished his tour of the village and led us outside.
And then...
"...This is different from the Grey Fields I know."
A vast field, covered in green shrubs reaching up to our waists, stretched out before us.
"Ah! The labyrinth has a more apocalyptic vibe, doesn't it? But the monsters are all the same. Even the terrain is identical."
"I, is that so...?"
The GM was taken aback by Baekho's explanation, as if muttering to himself.
"Baekho, there's a monster ahead."
As soon as we left the village, Leighton Briet, the archer, reported a blip on his sensor.
And at the same time...
"Roar, roar, roar, roar, roar-!"
The monster, hidden in the bushes, rose to its feet and howled menacingly.
"That's a Byterion. Rank 3. A beast-type monster. There are no specific elemental weaknesses. High physical resistance. It's advantageous to use magic."
The GM described it like he was reading from an encyclopedia.
I can tell how he used to be an explorer.
'He's convenient, but he'd be a bit exhausting to travel with.'
By the way, Byterions are rare monsters that occasionally appear only in the Grey Fields.
And...
"We're in luck."
It drops an 8th stage material for the Immortal Mark. 