## Chapter 669: New World (4)
The situation we were in was incredibly simple.
My heart pounded.
We'd obtained the location information for the dimensional monument from a friend (?) of Rex Aurelius we'd encountered outside the city walls.
After locating the monument, we lightly entered the portal, figuring we'd take a look around and return if it wasn't what we were looking for.
And then…
"In simpler terms, that bastard tried to set us up, right?"
Rex Aurelius's friend, Daylan, vanished the moment we passed through the portal.
The dimensional monument we needed to return to our original location was nowhere to be found.
In other words, our way back was blocked…
"His name is Daylan? Or was it Daylan?"
Information about Daylan was scarce.
It wasn't even clear if 'Daylan' was his actual name. The only thing we knew for sure was that he was from Noir'ark and had a "very common name."
My grip tightened on my fist involuntarily.
I couldn't confirm if his name was actually "that," but if it was…
'L…?'
It would be "that" again, after all these years.
My heart pounded.
From now on, I needed to be vigilant.
It was the only way to survive this crisis.
Therefore, in that sense…
"He couldn't have escaped very far—"
"Stop."
I halted Lee Baekho, who was about to charge out in search of the missing man.
"…? "
He stared at me, bewildered by my low, authoritative tone.
There was no helping the fact that I looked like a serious, self-important jerk.
My heart pounded.
I was starting to feel genuinely threatened by this situation.
"Don't act rashly. First, we need to find out where we are."
This was my principle when playing [Dungeon & Stone].
In an unfamiliar area, you had to be wary of everything.
Of course, even with all my precautions, I usually failed on my first try.
Anyways…
"Havellion, Briyet. Check the surroundings for any monsters or traps."
I instructed the GM and the archer to scan the area magically and physically.
"Nothing."
"There's nothing detected yet."
Okay, that's good…
Thud. Thud.
I walked towards the wall and tapped the cave's outer wall with my hand, but only a dull thud echoed back.
'There doesn't seem to be any empty space beyond…'
Swoosh.
I carefully lifted my foot off the ground and took a step forward.
'Mud.'
The cave floor was covered in soggy mud, as if a landslide had occurred on a rainy day.
It didn't seem to have any special effects like decreased movement speed.
The problem, however, was…
"We need to get out of here first."
"…Right? If we just follow this path, we'll find something—"
"The entire cave could flood if we're not careful."
"What?"
Pointing at the cave walls and ceiling, I looked at Lee Baekho, who tilted his head.
"Look. There are still traces of water. It was full of water before."
"Oh, you're right! There are traces!"
"But, saying that the cave will flood right now is a bit of a stretch. We can just get out of here before it does, right?"
Why is this guy so optimistic?
"Do you know how long this cave is? What if it takes three days and nights to reach the exit? What if the structure turns into a maze and we have to wander around for a while?"
"…So, shouldn't we move quickly?"
Well, that's true.
But we need to do this first.
"Let's adjust our formation."
"Formation…? "
"It's dangerous to move in two separate groups in a situation like this. In a place like this with closed sides, building just one formation well will cover more than half the bases."
So far, we had been moving together, but the GM and I felt isolated from Baekho's team.
But that wasn't an option anymore.
"Havellion, Ruin-Genesis, Jeina. You three move in the safest center."
First, I positioned the key personnel in the center.
"Rex Aurelius. You stay at the back. An enemy could appear from behind."
"Ha-ha! Leave the rear to me!"
The sub-tank is in the rear.
That's because in a narrow corridor map like this, you have to be most careful of your rear.
Besides, I can cover the front alone anyway.
"Lee Baekho, you stay right behind me, and Briyet, you stay right behind him. If a battle breaks out, you can move further back, but before that, you need to scan, so stay as close to the front as possible. Understand?"
"Yes. I understand."
Phew… then the basic positioning is done. Now, let's move forward—
"Lord?"
Baekho approaches me, as if he has something to say, the moment the positioning is done.
"Even though my team is much larger, it's still… my orders that are being given…"
Ah, so that's the problem.
"And you've never even been outside the city walls before, have you, Lord? It would be better if you just followed my orders like you always have…"
Well, then just do it yourself.
Do you think I want to take the wheel?
"Baekho, this situation is different."
This is not just outside the city walls.
If it were, I would have followed Baekho's judgment, who has more information, like I always have.
But…
"What's different?"
This time, there is a crucial difference.
"This is your first time here, too."
This is a place where all of us are entering for the first time.
Furthermore, my instincts are telling me that this place is extremely dangerous.
So, you want me to hand the wheel to him?
"We have no information about this place, so we don't know what kind of variables might arise. And in a place like this, every decision is crucial."
"…So?"
"In situations like this, leave it to the right person."
I was (kind of) being indirect, but what I was saying was that I was the right person to make better decisions than him.
As expected, Baekho didn't seem convinced.
"The right person… You, Lord?"
Baekho stared at me, as if I was an idiot.
I didn't avoid his gaze.
"What, don't you think so?"
"Yes. I don't think so."
Baekho answered without a moment's hesitation.
To be honest, I couldn't understand why Baekho was being so cocky.
After all, wasn't it obvious?
I, who endured all kinds of hardships, organized data every night, and studied the field, opened the Abyss Gate in the original mode.
And Lee Baekho, the discharged soldier, who would have never crossed over to this world if it hadn't been for the cheat board.
Which one of us was the right person?
Thump.
I took a step closer to Baekho and whispered in a calm voice.
"Let me ask you one last time, Baekho."
"…"
"Do you really think you're the right person?"
Surprisingly, Baekho didn't answer me immediately this time.
He must have felt a pang of guilt.
He knew that it was clear that he and I were different.
"…"
I kept staring at him until he answered. Baekho shrugged, avoiding my gaze.
"…Alright, alright. Give it a try. You're the most famous explorer in Laphdonia. Let's see how much skill you have this time."
Well, that's better.
***
After the incredibly peaceful "sorting out of the ranks" (or at least it felt that way), we started moving in earnest. I heard whispers behind me.
"What is Lord Yandel…? How could Lee Baekho lose his edge in front of him…?"
"I was surprised too… I never thought Lee Baekho would back down…"
The GM quietly whispered in response to Aurelius's words.
However, this didn't stop Baekho from hearing it.
"Hmph! What, am I a snake? When did I back down? I was just curious how confident he was!"
"…"
"Baekho! I didn't say anything!"
Baekho complained, and the two of them shut their mouths as if nothing had happened.
It was funny, but I had to warn them.
"Quiet down. Nothing might be happening now, but there's no guarantee that'll last."
"Y, yes!"
Why are these top-tier explorers so flighty?
If they were all like Amelia… that would be great.
I'm sure she'd be the most efficient no matter what she did.
"I feel a faint breeze. We seem to be getting close to the exit."
About 20 minutes later, the archer Briyet mentioned that, and indeed, an exit appeared soon after.
"It's dark…"
The outside didn't provide better visibility just because it was outside the cave.
It was pitch black outside, dark enough to make me think of a maze.
"It's still night. We'll see something when the sun comes up."
Baekho seemed to dismiss it as no big deal, but I felt differently.
"…I don't think it's just dark because it's night."
"Yes?"
"Look. The light isn't spreading far. It's like a maze."
"O… You're right?"
Baekho, realizing the strangeness of the darkness, frowned.
"O… So, does that mean there's a possibility that this place is a maze?"
"I don't know… We'll have to see."
"Okay. I'll just trust you. You said you'd take care of everything, right?"
…Is this guy a kindergartener?
He's been in this world much longer than I have, so his actual mental age is probably older.
"Yes, I'll handle everything. Now, be quiet."
I put my index finger to my lips, and Baekho shut his mouth, looking annoyed.
Of course, I didn't care.
I had my job to do.
After all, we've just moved from one field to another, right?
Naturally, we need to start by searching the surroundings.
"There's… no water."
Despite my expectation that there would be a river or lake near the cave, I couldn't find anything, no matter how much I searched.
So, why is there water in the cave?
It doesn't seem like water would gather here just because of rain…
'There has to be another reason…'
While pondering that reason, I continued to search.
I made a rough map, centering it on the cave entrance, and added coordinates to the cave entrance so that I could find it anytime, anywhere.
How long had it been?
"Havellion, what time is it?"
"9:18. If the sun is up, it should have been up a long time ago."
"Yeah, that's right…"
The surroundings show no sign of brightening, even though a lot of time has passed.
Therefore…
"There's a higher possibility that this isn't 'outside the city walls'."
"Do you mean that this place… could be inside a maze?"
"Well, there's no denying that possibility."
No one dared call my words a leap or delusion.
After all, Auril Gavius had a record of opening a portal connected to a maze using a dimensional monument outside the city walls—
"Lord, look at this!"
The archer Briyet called out to me.
I approached him, and an artificial structure came into view. It wasn't visible from where I stood before.
"…Monument?"
Of course, the monument Briyet discovered was a completely different type than the dimensional monument.
Should I call it a huge structure similar in shape to the "monument" found in the first-floor crystal cave?
"Havellion, can you read it?"
"No. I've never seen these characters before."
The monument was inscribed with characters that looked like hieroglyphs, closer to pictures than letters, which I, despite my ability to interpret ancient languages, couldn't read.
"Start investigating. It might be a structure infused with magic."
"Yes, I understand."
I assigned the investigation of the monument to the GM and the Ruin-Grandpa, and then checked the map I was making once again.
A forest field, with no other notable characteristics except for the massive craters found all over the place.
'It might be more efficient to choose a direction and head straight for it…'
While pondering my next plan, I waited for the monument investigation to end.
Flash-!
The world went white for a moment, and then…
Kwah-kwa-kwa-wah-wah-wah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ang!!
A massive clap of thunder, as if the sky was collapsing, engulfed the world.
And then…
Swah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-!
Heavy rain began to pour.
Well, if that's all it was, it would just be a field with a harsh climate and a severe environment…
[Kieee-eee-eee-eee-eee-ek-!!]
Coincidentally, as the strange weather began, a monster appeared.
"Over there! A monster is coming from over there…!"
The first monster we encountered after arriving here.
Fortunately, it wasn't a new species of monster we hadn't seen before.
Well, I don't know if I should call that fortunate.
"Brachiastello! It's a level 5 beast-type monster that uses telekinesis and water-elemental powers!"
The GM, springing to his feet, exclaimed, as if briefing us on the monster.
The GM's explanation wasn't wrong.
However, it lacked the most crucial piece of information.
Brachiastello.
This guy may be a mere level 5 trash mob…
"Stargrave…"
He only appears on the ninth floor.