## Chapter 670: Stargrave (1)
The ninth floor of the Labyrinth, Stargrave. A level that served as the final gate before reaching the tenth floor, where the ‘Abyssal Gate’ existed. A monstrous creature, exclusive to this floor, appeared. Of course, I had hunted this species in the library on the first floor before, and killing it was not particularly difficult. However...
"You have slain the Brachiaistello."
This creature’s appearance hinted at many things.
"Well… this is definitely not the Labyrinth."
The place we were in was not within the Labyrinth. The Royal Family had closed off the Labyrinth itself, and even beyond that, distinct differences between this place and the Labyrinth were noticeable everywhere, so much so that we hadn’t initially realized.
While it wasn’t as simple as saying ‘outside the city walls’, something felt off about this place. In any case…
"I should have figured it out when I saw the crater…"
Everything was chaotic, but one thing was clear. Regardless of the slight differences, this place was a replica of the ninth floor ‘Stargrave’. And because everyone had realized that fact…
"..."
"..."
An eerie silence enveloped the group immediately after the battle ended.
"Huh? Why are your expressions… suddenly like that?"
Only Rex Aureus seemed to be completely oblivious to the current situation. As far as our team was concerned, her position was quite similar to Ainar’s…
"Why are all warriors like this?"
This thought popped into my head, but it wasn’t something to dwell on right now.
Just how long did that silence, with only Aureus tilting her head in confusion, continue?
*Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh!*
Heavy rain poured down like a storm.
"This…"
Lee Baekho, who had quietly gazed down at the Brachiaistello’s corpse, muttered to himself.
"This might be a very dangerous situation…"
His words accurately described the circumstances we found ourselves in. The ninth floor was not a place to enter unprepared.
Right then.
*Swoosh, swoosh!*
As if stage lights were being switched on, a red glow enveloped the area within a 50-meter radius. This was the infamous field effect of the ninth floor, Stargrave.
"Huh…? This is… something, but…?"
Aureus, seemingly confused as if she’d just bumped into an acquaintance on the street.
"Don’t you know? Get out of the way!"
As soon as I yelled out urgently, everyone came to their senses and moved out of the affected area.
Of course, because speed was crucial, those with the advantage quickly moved to secure the mages and the priest. Being quick and being agile were two different things. Even mages needed to cast spells to move quickly, and Jeina, the Karui priest, had to summon her mount…
*Click!*
In a situation this urgent, there wasn’t any time for that.
*Tap, tap!*
Only GM barely managed to secure his belongings and escape the range of the attack, when…
*KABOOM!*
The red meteorite from the sky collided with the ground where we were standing, exploding with a tremendous boom. And…
*WHOOSH!*
A powerful blast of wind strong enough to easily push back an adult male blew toward us, kicking up dust. Fortunately, thanks to the heavy rain, our vision quickly recovered…
"E, everyone alright?"
Wow, I’m getting goosebumps all over my body.
"...From now on, we need to stay vigilant at all times."
As the dust settled and we looked at the crater created at the impact site, my legs felt like jelly. After all, that’s what happened in the game…
'Instant death.’
That meteorite was an instant death attack. If hit within a 5-meter radius of its center, regardless of how your character was built, it would instantly show the game over screen.
Well, at least at the edge, it was just a fixed amount of damage…
But that was inconsequential. That damage would kill pretty much any tank in one shot anyway.
"Whew…"
I shared the sentiment of the others who had been stunned by the powerful explosion, but only briefly. 
I quickly shouted at the top of my lungs.
If the meteor fall was the same as the game, then everything after it would likely be the same as well.
"Snap out of it, everyone!"
My shout shook everyone awake, and at the same time…
*FLASH!*
A lightning bolt struck the center of the crater. And…
'This guy’s here too.’
At the point where the lightning struck, a white, bud-like object rapidly grew in size and took form.
A ‘humanoid’ monster with two legs, two arms, and a neck that extended upward along its spine.
Oh, it was just classified as humanoid, but it was far from human. There’s no human that’s made entirely of light, as if electricity is flowing through their body…
*Crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle!*
The size was the problem. There’s no human that big, is there? Maybe a barbarian with [Gigantification], but…
"Gigazeuros…"
As usual, GM started to explain the monster as soon as he saw it. However, it was different from before.
"It uses an extremely powerful electric-attribute anomaly and, despite appearances, is incredibly agile!"
Unlike before, when he explained with ease, this time GM rapidly finished the explanation like he was firing off bullets. And because of that, he skipped over the most crucial part.
"It’s a level 2 monster, be careful!"
Gigazeuros, the level 2 monster. It only appears in Stargrave, just like Brachiaistello. It’s one of the top tier level 2 monsters in terms of individual combat power.
I usually called it the ‘Thunder Giant’. After all, that name seemed to fit better than Gigazeuros.
"Gigazeuros has cast [Thunder Discharge]."
As soon as I unsheathed my shield and rushed forward, electricity erupted from the Thunder Giant’s body like an explosion.
*Crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle!*
The guard didn’t mean anything. This kind of AoE skill is impossible to block even with Aegis’s barrier. There was nothing to do but take it…
"Character has cast [Greed Scale]."
Blue scales protruded from my body, which had already been enlarged with [Gigantification].
'Bellarios's’ essence. The ‘Dragon Mode’.
"Argh, it stings."
The electricity the Thunder Giant unleashed touched my body, causing my muscles to cramp, but…
"Character has been inflicted with [Paralysis]."
The damage was only that much.
"Character has been cured of [Paralysis]."
Thanks to my resistance build, the paralysis was lifted in less than two seconds.
However, when I looked behind me…
"Lee Baekho, you still haven’t recovered?"
You still haven’t finished your CC immunity build, have you?
"That’s why you still haven’t reached the tenth floor."
I smiled at the thought of Baekho’s weakness and charged forward with even more power. And…
"Character has entered the range of [Short Circuit]."
As soon as I got close to the monster, a white orb that had been floating in the air released an electric current, connecting with my body.
"Character’s soul power is being drained continuously."
"Character will take fixed damage proportional to soul power depletion."
"All damage from Gigazeuros will be applied as electricity."
"Character has been inflicted with [Conductor]."
"If electricity damage is taken, [Thunder Discharge] will be cast."
[Short Circuit]. A passive skill from the aura category that anyone who builds a melee character with electric attributes dreams of having.
*Zipp!*
The Thunder Giant struck me with a massive fist.
"Defense successful."
"Aegis’s barrier has absorbed all damage."
I blocked the attack with my shield and absorbed the impact, but…
The white particles that had fallen around me, like water droplets spraying off a puddle, released lightning.
Well, ‘released’ might not be the right word.
*Crackle, crackle, crackle!*
Just like I can’t follow the speed of light with my eyes, the white lightning released from those particles had already connected with my body by the time I registered it.
The damage itself wasn’t significant, but…
"Character has taken electricity damage."
"[Thunder Discharge] will be cast."
Just like when the current erupted from its body before, light burst from my body and lightning bolts shot out in every direction. This time, with a 300% increase in effect.
*Crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle!*
Fortunately, everyone had already moved far back, so the damage wasn’t that significant. However…
'At this rate, melee support won’t be possible…'
Making a quick decision, I ignored the tingling sensation and grabbed onto the monster’s body, running forward, widening the distance between myself and my teammates.
I could feel my physical condition deteriorating in real time, but that didn’t matter. After all, everyone had their roles.
If the tank’s role is to take hits…
"Jeina Flyer has summoned [Healing Leech]."
The healer’s role is to heal.
*Tap, tap!*
Semitransparent leeches attached themselves to my body, continuously injecting HP and MP.
"Jeina Flyer has cast [Regeneration Curse]."
She casts a continuous healing spell that’s somehow classified as a ‘curse’.
"Jeina Flyer has summoned [Life Vessel]."
A structure similar to an altar is erected in the center of the battle area, connecting to all of us with red threads.
'Okay, this is enough for tanking…'
The rest was up to the dealers.
"...Huh?"
As I thought that, something happened.
***
What’s the most important job in [Dungeon & Stone]?
If anyone asks me that, I can confidently answer without any hesitation.
The most important job is a tank.
Isn’t that right?
If the dealers aren’t skilled enough, you might just not kill the monster and it’ll be over. But if the main tank’s stats are lacking, it will almost always lead to a wipe.
As a tank, I have always fulfilled my duty, which is why I’ve been able to safely protect my comrades even during dangerous expeditions.
…Well, there were a few times that didn’t happen.
Anyway, I value the importance of a tank far more than mages or priests.
But…
'Damn new maps.'
Outside the city walls, which can be considered a kind of new field. And even more so in this place, where we came through an unidentified dimensional obelisk, my common sense was useless.
Because…
"...Huh?"
As I fulfilled my tanking role and the dealers were steadily dishing out damage…
Suddenly, the Thunder Giant started showing strange behavior.
Specifically, it suddenly ignored me and charged toward the dealers behind me…
*FLASH!*
It had a blink-type movement skill, so blocking it midway was impossible.
"Ugh! A, ah…!"
Unfortunately, the first target of its sudden actions was GM.
He hurriedly activated a mana shield as he saw the monster appear right in front of him, but…
*Crackle!*
As expected of a level 2 monster, the hastily created mana shield was shattered in an instant with a clean hit.
However, there was still some value in reducing the impact. Otherwise, he might have really been killed in one shot.
"Damn it! Havellion! How are you? Still alive?"
"Y, yes, I’m alive!"
"Then revive him quickly! We can’t fix the magic circle if that guy dies!"
We haven’t even found a way to escape from here yet, so what good is the magic circle, but…
Baekho’s roar made Jeina focus on healing GM. And…
"Behel—laaaaaaaargh!!!"
Just as I was getting ready to mark the monster again after belatedly catching up…
*FLASH!*
Once again, the monster used its instant movement skill, vanishing right before my eyes.
'No, what the…'
The same sudden action, not just once, but twice. There was no point in denying it anymore.
'Doesn’t threat level work on this guy?'
"Threat Level" amplified by [Gigantification]. 
And the 'Aegis’s Barrier', which could be activated based on that threat level, had an unconditional aggro effect.
This guy was ignoring both. As if it wasn’t a monster but a ‘human’.
"Grab on tight!"
"Agh!"
Fortunately, in the second attack, the archer reacted, safely securing the healer.
But the situation was still bad.
*Crackle, crackle, crackle!*
It wasn’t a weak monster either. It was level 2, wasn’t it? If the tanking wasn’t done properly, there would surely be casualties…
'What should I do?'
For the first time in a long time, I felt that kind of helplessness toward a monster, and my head was spinning.
Just then…
"...Damn it."
Baekho clicked his tongue as he looked at the Thunder Giant.
It was a little different from simply cursing because he was frustrated with the situation. It was more like he was expressing a sense of regret…
"I didn’t want to show you this."
…What?
As if he had a way to overcome this situation.
"Everyone, run as far away as you can."
Then Baekho muttered those words and stretched out his hand forward. And…
*Crackle!*
A dark orb formed in front of his hand, rotating and drawing in the surrounding air.
'No, wait a minute.’
I’ve seen this somewhere before…
"Q, quickly escape! Even the Baron wouldn’t be able to survive if he was caught!"
Aureus quickly yelled that and started running away from Baekho.
I also snapped out of it and followed after her.
A few seconds passed, then…
"That’s enough charging."
Baekho muttered briefly, and…
*KABOOM!*
The dark orb exploded, covering the entire world in a black flash.
"You have slain Gigazeuros +EXP 8"
It was pitch black, as if I’d gone blind, but I didn’t doubt that the battle with the Thunder Giant was over.
Because I knew what this skill was.
"Star Extinction..."
It was the Dead Dread, the Dark Lord’s active skill. It was a powerful attack skill unmatched by any other essence in terms of sheer destructive power. It was undoubtedly the strongest attack skill in [Dungeon & Stone].
'Crazy…'
This bastard had that skill...? 
]]]