## Chapter 674: Dream (1)
One of the fields in the 9th Floor Star Tomb, the Toxic Lava Field. As this is the highest tier, its dangers are incomparable to the lower floors, and it also has annoying field effects.
‘Toxic Resistance: 0.’
Even with my resistance raised to the point of being immune to poison, it’s useless here.
‘MP Natural Recovery: Impossible.’
Well, it’s not entirely impossible, but you know.
It’s a 99% decrease, so it’s easier to think of it as MP not recovering at all.
Of course, there are ways to overcome this, like my [Soul Dive] skill or a certain strategy within the field…
But the real headache is something else.
“Warning: Be careful of explosions!”
Everything explodes in this place. 
Like this.
“Uh, the ground is bulging…?”
“It’s going to blow! Everyone, get out of the way!”
BOOM!
Toxic lava erupts from the ground as I walk, causing an explosion.
“…Wait, the monster’s body is swelling!”
“There’s no time to talk! Get out of the way!”
Monsters even explode right in front of you during battle, like a bomb attack.
BOOM!
Sometimes explosions happen without any warning, just in the air.
And the biggest problem here…
WHOOSH!
The explosion spreads sticky toxic liquid everywhere.
“Character has been poisoned (Medium).”
It’s not the highest level of poisoning, just medium, but that’s pretty much meaningless.
Here, the Toxic Resistance is always set to 0.
SSSSSSS!
Ugh, it stings like hell.
Normally, my resistance would have reduced it to a minor poison effect, and even then, it would’ve cleared up quickly.
“Detox.”
I succinctly state my request, and the GM quickly rushes over and casts a spell. The same goes for our party’s only healer, Jeina.
“Heal.”
“…Done.”
As you can see, ‘Toxic Lava Field’ requires the roles of mages and priests to be vital.
We need to use Detox periodically to prevent the poison from becoming more severe, and we also need to constantly manage HP loss caused by the poison.
However, this creates another problem.
“Look! Lava Fruit! There’s Lava Fruit!”
Lava Fruit.
You’ll occasionally find Lava Fruit growing on small trees in this field. They only grow in clusters of three.
Eating one replenishes your main resources.
“Jeina, Havellion, Grandpa! Divide them as you see fit!”
Of course, the Lava Fruit needs to go to the healers and mages first.
“Uh… Baekho? I’m running out of soul power and I can’t use my ability anymore….”
“So what?”
“C-could you spare just one? Without it, I’m useless in combat-”
“You’re just going to be beaten up anyway. You’re greedy.”
“…”
As most of the Lava Fruit found goes to the healers and mages, the rest of the party members’ MP continues to drain.
Except for me, of course.
“Character has used [Soul Dive].”
“Soul power regenerates proportionally to the amount of soul power consumed.”
Thanks to the Deep Sea Giant’s active skill, I can periodically recover MP and maintain a certain level.
Unlike Rex Aurelius, who chose [Giant’s Blood].
“…I really envy you, Baron Yandel.”
Well, you should’ve eaten the Green Essence.
MP is so important in this game.
“You’re the main tank anyway, so just focus on being a sub tank. Don’t be greedy for things like Lava Fruit. Got it?”
“Yes, sir….”
Aurelius backs down, looking dejected.
But it’s not just him, everyone is in a difficult situation.
“It’s been a while since I just used normal arrows.”
“Same here, so cut the complaining, okay?”
“…Ryo, Ryokai.”
“What kind of pronunciation is that? Are you a pro-Japanese collaborator? It’s not Ryokai, it’s okay. Got it?”
“Baekho… what’s a pro-Japanese collaborator?”
“It’s a thing, you know.”
Baekho and Briette fight monsters with only basic attacks, trying to conserve MP as much as possible.
In terms of chess, it’s like starting the game without a rook or a bishop…
…But the funny thing is, they still manage to hunt.
“You have slain a Popensis. EXP +7.”
Well, it’s going to get incredibly difficult from level 3 onwards, and if a level 2 monster appears, we’ll have no choice but to run away.
‘…Thankfully, I haven’t seen any level 2 monsters yet.’
Maybe it’s because the dangerous northern area of the Toxic Lava Field is blocked off?
The level 2 monsters I was worried about haven’t appeared yet.
Thump!
Of course, that doesn’t mean we can let our guard down.
“Baron, I think we should take a break and go outside for a while.”
“…Let’s do that.”
While exploring the Toxic Lava Field and filling in the blank spots on the map, we would occasionally leave the field to take breaks.
It was a common tactic we used even when exploring the 9th Floor.
The field effects are removed the moment you leave the area.
‘…This is a tactic we can only use because we’re exploring the southern edge.’
Anyway, how much time has passed since we started exploring the Toxic Lava Field?
Almost the whole area corresponding to the Toxic Lava Field is filled in on the map. I’m starting to wonder if Hans’s effect has worn off…
“A tombstone! A tombstone!”
A tombstone, very similar to the one we saw in the Primeval Land, was discovered.
“…There’s some unknown picture-like thing drawn on it!”
“It’s not a picture, it’s writing.”
“Ha-ha! This mage friend is something else! Even though I’m uneducated, I wouldn’t fall for that! How can that be writing!”
“…”
It’s similar to the one we saw in Primeval Land, but it’s still something we haven’t seen in a long time, so we stopped exploring and started investigating the tombstone again.
But…
“The tombstone and the writing on it are different from the one in the Primeval Land, but the content can’t be deciphered, so it’s meaningless… Everything else is the same. Including the fact that we can’t get any information about it other than how sturdy it is.”
There was no way the investigation that failed last time would succeed this time either. At least our previous experience of wasting time made us able to finish this investigation quickly.
“So, there’s nothing more we can find out?”
“Yes, that’s the case for now.”
Therefore, there’s no need to waste any more time here. We’ll just add a detailed record of the tombstone’s location on the map and move on.
After that, we explored the surrounding area to fill in the blank spots on the map.
And…
“We didn’t find anything else besides the tombstone.”
And so, the Toxic Lava Field exploration ended.
“What will you do now, Baron?”
I chuckled at the words of Briette, the archer who also works as an explorer.
What am I going to do?
There are two more places we haven’t explored yet.
“We’re going to the Dreamfall Waterfall.”
I really don’t want to go there, but we have no choice, do we?
***
“Character has entered a special area.”
“Field Effect - Dreamfall Waterfall has been applied.”
***
Dreamfall Waterfall.
This field is essentially the final trial of the 9th Floor Star Tomb.
After all, the portal to the 10th Floor is beyond this…
‘It’s a real pain in the ass.’
It’s a field with a concept and difficulty that can only be described that way.
“Character falls asleep periodically.”
It’s just one field effect, summed up in one line.
However, there’s nothing more annoying during gameplay.
Swoosh.
A serene lake, shimmering with a luminous glow like the Milky Way.
We’re sailing on it.
Along with three of our sleeping companions.
“Three of them are asleep this time.”
“Jeina, Grandpa Doom, Havellion. The three most important people are missing.”
“We can only hope that no one else falls asleep before they wake up.”
“But, assuming all three wake up.”
The moment you enter this lake, characters periodically fall asleep.
Of course, it’s not like you just sleep and get a free pass. You have to fight illusions all alone inside your own dreams.
It’s kind of like the [Soul Prison] effect used by Ice Rock’s special boss, Kariadhea…
‘The biggest difference is that even if you can’t wake up on your own, someone else can wake you up outside.’
Like the Lava Fruit in Toxic Lava Field, there is an item in Dreamfall Waterfall that can wake up a sleeping companion.
The problem is that it’s much harder to find than Lava Fruit.
Whooooosh.
The boat glides slowly across the picturesque lake.
This boat belongs to Baekho, by the way.
I was thinking of taking out my own boat, but Baekho’s is a bit better from what I remember.
It’s actually a really minor difference that’s almost meaningless.
I’d rather not risk my boat breaking down and having to pay for repairs, so I got on without a word.
“Baekho, can’t you go a little faster?”
“What did you hear when you passed by here last time? If you go faster, monsters come out.”
“Ah, that’s right. I forgot.”
That’s one of the annoying things about Dreamfall Waterfall.
It’s not impossible to go faster, but if you do, the monsters that are sleeping soundly under the water will wake up and attack you.
The only way is to use a specially made boat to move quietly and quickly…
‘Baekho’s boat doesn’t have that either.’
Well, it’s not like you’d come to Dreamfall Waterfall unless you’re going to the 10th Floor, even if you’re exploring the 9th Floor. And even if you do come, you can just move slowly, no problem.
“Anyway, be quiet. If you make a lot of noise, the monsters will come out and it’ll be annoying.”
“Ah, yes, sir….”
Aurelius lowers his voice, afraid of being scolded by Baekho. The archer, Briette, comes closer and quietly asks me.
“Baron, what will you do if we don’t find anything in Dragonbone Mountain either?”
“Then we’ll have to investigate under the water here.”
“…The difficulty is going to be scary then.”
“All we can do is hope that it won’t come to that.”
“Yes….”
After that, we slowly moved forward, and no monsters appeared.
It was a peaceful time, enough to forget that this was a dangerous place.
Of course, that’s only for those who are awake.
“Phew… I’m finally awake. I thought I was going to die.”
“Grandpa Doom, why do you look so gloomy after sleeping soundly?”
“I just had… a bad dream.”
“Hee… tell me more about it. I’m curious.”
One by one, starting with the GM, everyone regained consciousness, and soon others began to fall asleep.
“It’s Briette, Aurelius, and Baekho’s turn this time.”
Baekho collapses like he’s been knocked out, unable to fight the field effect.
As I watch him sleep soundly, I’m overcome with an impulse.
What if I just tossed him overboard? I could easily solve this problem.
‘…I need to get out of here first.’
I shake my head, pushing away the sudden urge.
How much longer have I been sailing the boat in Baekho’s place, checking the map?
“Ugh… This always makes me feel so dirty.”
“Yes… It’s an illusion in the 4th Floor, but it’s not here.”
Baekho wakes up, and the rest of the party members follow suit, and the next one falls asleep.
And…
‘What the heck is this?’
Everyone keeps falling asleep except me.
Well, it’s not like falling asleep is entirely random, so it’s not impossible…
‘Is this even a bad thing?’
This is a field where you’re just going to suffer if you fall asleep, so I just decided to think of it as good luck…
Thump!
…No, wait, isn’t this dangerous?
The moment that thought crosses my mind, I become anxious about being the only one who isn’t falling asleep.
And that anxiety grew as time passed.
Notably, everyone kept falling asleep except for me.
And it continued almost until we reached the edge of the map.
“Baron, what’s wrong with your expression?”
“…”
“It’s nothing.”
If I say something, it’s going to backfire.
“Anyway, we’re going to arrive soon.”
I decide to stop worrying and focus on something else.
Whooooosh.
The faint sound of water that had been faintly audible slowly grows louder, and soon the reason why this place is called ‘Dreamfall Waterfall’ instead of ‘Dreamfall Lake’ appears in front of us.
“Wow, it’s spectacular, no matter how many times you see it.”
The end of the world as the ancients imagined it.
A massive hole in the center of the lake, with water cascading downwards to form a giant waterfall.
The grey boundary line runs across the waterfall, leaving two-thirds of it frozen…
“Don’t just stare. Increase the propulsion power. It’s okay if it gets a little louder from here. We’re done for if we get sucked down.”
“Gotcha.”
From this point onwards, our course is to sail the boat and illuminate the entire map of the lake.
Just as we were about to move according to our plan,
“…Something’s coming from below.”
Grandpa Doom whispers urgently, replacing Briette who is asleep.
I couldn’t hear it properly at first because of the sound of the waterfall…
“Turn the bow!”
The sound and expression are enough to tell that something’s wrong.
It’s essentially simultaneous with
[Kyaaaaaaaa-!!]
A giant serpent-like creature emerges from the depths, rising against the cascading waterfall.
The GM, who usually gives descriptions before anyone else, is asleep, but his absence isn’t a big deal.
This guy’s super famous.
“…Dryzen.”
A level 1 fantasy species, Dryzen.
It’s a kind of ‘special boss’ that only appears in this specific area, like Ice Rock’s magic user, Kariadhea.
“We’re screwed…”
There’s no need for me to scream first this time.
Wooooooooooooooom-!
Baekho instantly increases the propulsion power to its maximum.
The noise is deafening, but now’s not the time to worry about trivial things.
“Creatures that have been asleep for a long time are waking up.”
If those mobs get us, it’s game over instantly.
“Character has entered the range of [Dream Pond].”
“All harmful effects and damage dealt to Dryzen are nullified.”
We can’t kill this monstrous thing on our own.
It’s a different class than ‘Kashan’, the level 1 we killed in the library.
This is its home turf, after all.
It’s hard to say whether we’ll be able to escape unscathed…
‘Is this Hans’s effect finally activating?’
A weak thought that starts to dominate my mind the moment I see Dryzen.
“…Bullshit.”
I don’t care about Hans or anything.
“Whew….”
I take a deep breath and focus.
I need to be sharp from now on.
Only then can we overcome this crisis.
As I resolve myself with that thought,
“…Huh?”
My head feels numb, like I’ve taken a sleeping pill.
And at the same time.
“Field Effect - Dreamfall Waterfall has been activated.”
My vision starts spinning and blurring.
It was the feeling I got when I went around the Dreamfall Waterfall once before.
“Th-this… shit….”
I was wondering why it hadn’t activated yet.
“Why… now…?”
As I finish those words, my body loses its balance and leans forward.
But is it because of the boat’s swaying, which has been accelerating?
Thump!
To add insult to injury, my body, which had been clinging to the railing for dear life, is thrown out like a rubber band snapping.
“Baron…!”
The surrounding sounds fade.
Splash!
My body falls into the water and sinks rapidly.
But even in this dire situation, there’s nothing I can do.
“Character has fallen asleep.”
…Damn it.