## Chapter 681: Butterfly (1)
Whuuush! The ship sailed slowly through the shimmering sea of starlight.
“Ah, no more monsters coming. Looks like we’ve calmed down the aggro.”
“Baekho, what’s aggro?”
“Really, how many times do I have to explain?”
“……”
The atmosphere on deck had settled into an uneasy peace, as if the crisis had never happened.
“I’m relieved you’re safe, Baron.”
“Likewise, you as well.”
The GM, having finally finished charging his MP, greeted me with a belated word of concern. As I was about to engage him in conversation, Rex Aures burst out with a booming laugh.
“Haha! I always knew I’d wake up! An immortal giant like me wouldn’t die in a place like this!”
“An immortal giant…?”
“Ah! It’s a title I just made up! Isn’t it cool? It suits me perfectly!”
“He’s rambling again. Why are you taking him seriously? Just ignore him.”
Following Baekho’s advice, the GM awkwardly nodded. Aures, like a hurt child, hung his head in dejection. Of course, this didn’t last long.
“Goodness! Why did I even join this team! There’s nowhere else that treats warriors so poorly!”
As if to prove his previous dejection was all a ploy to gain momentum, Aures’s boisterous demeanor returned.
The archer, who had been quietly observing the surroundings from the railing, changed the subject as if accustomed to this behavior.
“Speaking of which, there are two of them this time.”
There was no need to ask who he meant.
The priestess, Jeina, and the old man of ruin. Both of them were lost in sleep, victims of the field effect.
“Baekho, should we continue our search as planned?”
“Hmm… I don’t know. Ask the Baron. Our new leaders, brimming with individuality and freedom.”
“Leaders… what do you mean?”
“Oh, just ask the Baron.”
“……”
“If you ask me, Baekho’s rambling is even worse than Aures’s.”
“What? What did you say?”
“…Nothing.”
Grumbling about Baekho’s nonsensical speech, the archer quickly changed his tune and approached me.
“So, what are your plans, Baron? Do you intend to continue searching for Dream Lake as scheduled?”
Well, I had been considering this issue…
Right, I’ve decided.
“Let’s put Dream Lake on hold for now, and search Dragonbone Mountain first.”
“Dragonbone Mountain…?”
After listening to me, the archer seemed to ponder for a moment before nodding.
“Not a bad choice. We’re already close to Dragonbone Mountain, anyway.”
“Besides, there’s already a Draizen near the waterfall, making a proper search difficult. My judgment is that we should search Dragonbone Mountain first, then return to this location when things have calmed down.”
I sent Baekho a look that implied he could voice any objections now. He shrugged nonchalantly, seemingly content to let me do as I pleased.
‘Oh, trying to act cool.’
He would have immediately objected if he had any other thoughts.
Anyway, once the destination was decided, everything went smoothly. We continued to sail towards Dragonbone Mountain. As we weren’t traveling at a particularly fast pace, there were no encounters with monsters.
But…
“……huh?”
There was a moment that sent a shiver down my spine.
“Everyone’s asleep except for you.”
It was a situation where everyone besides the old man of ruin and me was asleep due to the field effect.
‘What are the odds of this?’
The probability of more than half of our group falling asleep at Dream Falls was extremely low, making me uneasy.
Could this be an omen of misfortune?
With that thought in mind, I kept vigil, steering the ship for a while.
“……”
Oh, I’m so uncomfortable.
“……”
The silence was so awkward, I almost wished a monster would appear.
Finally, I spoke up.
“Hey.”
I called out abruptly, and the old man of ruin, who had been standing by the railing, turned to me.
I thought it was common courtesy to answer, not just stare back…
If he had been the kind of old man who understood such things, this wouldn’t have happened.
I decided to simply ask what I was curious about while I had the chance.
“What exactly is fate?”
“A rather broad question, my boy.”
“You said earlier that Eruwen has more fates than anyone besides me. I’m curious to know what that means.”
“She has almost lost her light now that she’s beside you.”
“No, I mean what *is* fate, exactly.”
When I asked again, the old man of ruin shifted his gaze to the sea of starlight flowing beneath the railing.
“There are many kinds of power in this world. Magic, divine power, mana. Not just the ones you know, but emotions like anger and love can also be classified as ‘resources’ when it comes to their ability to be a source of power.”
“…And?”
“Fate, though difficult to define precisely, I believe is one of those powers.  It’s especially unique in that it wears down with use.”
“It wears down with use?”
The old man of ruin nodded at my question.
“Fate is not infinite. Most people only have three or four, and even those can dwindle depending on their choices.”
Hmm… I was listening, but it felt like I was at some cult seminar.
“Wait, I think this conversation is going off track.”
“But you asked what fate is.”
“I was just curious about what you said to Eruwen.”
I steered the conversation back to its original path, and the old man of ruin finally provided the answer I was seeking.
“Eruwen Fornachia di Terzia, you mean?”
“Yes, what did you mean by those things you said to her?”
“Exactly what I said. She had more fates than anyone except you that day, and that’s why I tried to eliminate her.”
“But you failed.”
“Yes, and the elf I failed to kill that day has now grown into a powerful being called the Bloodline Lord.”
“Is that all because of the power of fate?”
“Yes. That much fate isn’t given to ordinary people. Whether they become a chef or a scholar. The fate of ordinary people is only that much. They can never become a king or someone who makes history.”
The old man of ruin took his gaze off the starlight below and looked at me.
“You’re different.”
“……?”
“With the size of your fate, you can do and be anything. Even becoming the King of this city isn’t impossible for you.”
“……”
“Of course, that’s assuming you can coexist with that fate that strongly pulls you.”
“What fate?”
When I tilted my head in confusion, the old man of ruin burst out laughing.
“Ha-ha, don’t you know? You’re destined to open the Gate of the Abyss.  No matter how great your fate, you can’t change the ‘record.’ Well, you’d know better than anyone, having experienced it firsthand.”
Experienced it firsthand…
It seemed the old man of ruin knew about my journey to the past, two decades ago.
‘Well, he’s been practically inseparable from Baekho these past few years.’
There was a brief silence in the conversation.
I took the opportunity to quickly glance around. Baekho and all of our companions were sound asleep, showing no signs of waking up yet.
Therefore…
“Velbeb Ruinzenes.”
“It’s been a long time since I’ve heard my full name.”
“What’s your scheme with Baekho, exactly?”
Honestly, even as I asked the question, I didn’t expect an answer.
But…
“Not really a scheme, per se.”
“Not really a scheme? You think I wouldn’t know if you were using me behind my back?”
“Hmm… I don’t know about Baekho’s intentions, but I certainly wouldn’t think of using you for any sort of scheme. The reason I’m with Baekho is because our goals align in other ways.”
“Then what are those goals that align?”
Even though my tone was suggestive, the old man of ruin responded coolly, as if there was nothing to hide.
“Returning to our original world without opening the Gate of the Abyss. Baekho calls it Plan B.”
“Ah…”
I remember Baekho mentioning Plan B before.
But, hearing this, it seems like the old man of ruin isn’t actually interested in me, and is only focused on Plan B…
“Is it really possible to return without the Gate of the Abyss?”
To my careful question, the old man of ruin immediately replied without any hesitation.
“It’s possible. In theory.”
“In theory?”
“I haven’t attempted it yet because there’s a lot of preparation involved. And I’m working with Baekho to prepare.”
“…I see.”
“Anyway, believe it or not, I’m not interested in any kind of scheme involving you.  Unless my method fails.”
“Even though you’re with Baekho, you don’t know anything, do you?”
“Well, Baekho might have something in mind, but I haven’t asked him. It’s not my concern. Even if he asked for help, it’s not something I’d do.”
“Unless it benefits your goal, right?”
“Exactly.”
He agreed so readily, even as a polite denial would have been appropriate, that I found myself trusting him.
He really seems uninterested in me.
“……”
Like a game of love, where push and pull is essential…
As I watched him ponder again, looking down at the sea of starlight below, I became curious.
‘Come to think of it… this old man was an ‘evil spirit’ too.’
Technically, he’s from the generation before us.
They’re not from Earth, but from another world, and they came here through a different method than the game.
Well, we’re from different generations, so I’ve barely interacted with them directly.
“Ruinzenes, what was your world like?”
“My world…?”
The old man of ruin stared off into the distance, pondering my question, before giving an unexpected answer.
“I don’t remember. I was brought to this world when I was very young.”
“…What?”
“I found a book in a dark cave, and I read it every day. Those are the only things I remember now.”
Could that be why he looked like a child when I saw him in the community two decades ago?
I don’t know, but the old man continued.
“One day, I woke up, and I was in an adult’s body. I used the knowledge from that book to survive. And I’ve continued to live until now.”
That was a new type of possession method.
Usually, no matter how old they are, they enter a 20-year-old body and become younger. This was the complete opposite.
The old man of ruin’s story was fascinating, but it also sparked this question.
“But why are you so obsessed with returning?”
If his memories of the previous world are hazy, then he wouldn’t feel that much nostalgia for it.
So, why is he trying to return?
To my question, asked out of pure curiosity, the old man of ruin chuckled.
“Let me ask you the same thing. Why don’t *you* want to go back?”
Well, because…
“…I like this world better?”
Though I omitted many reasons, this was the essence of it.
I no longer see this world as savage, the one I used to consider so.
No, I even thought about it again when I was living in the dream world, set in modern times.
How could there be such an unrealistic world—.
“I’m the opposite.”
“Huh?”
“I don’t like this world. That’s why I want to go back.”
There was no emotion in the old man of ruin’s voice or eyes as he said that.
What kind of past did this old man have?
I was extremely curious, but sadly, our conversation ended there.
“Ugh…”
“It seems everyone’s starting to wake up.”
Damn, if I kept prodding, I would have gotten more out of him.
“I’ll go check on Briet, and you take care of Baekho.”
Perfect timing.
]]]