## The Butterfly (2) 
The ship, which had been cutting through the waves of starlight, came to a halt at the edge of the mainland. 
A soft, rustling sound.
The moment my feet touched the ground, a surface with the texture of gravel, the system messages appeared.
“Character has entered a special area.”
“Field effect – Dragon Spine bestowed.”
The changes of entering a new area immediately flooded my senses.
“Status ailment [Dragon’s Curse] bestowed.”
“Physical resistance lowered by 50%.”
It was as if my skin, once as hard as steel, had softened to the point of feeling like rock. 
But that wasn't all.
“One random stat has been sealed.”
Ugh, look at my stats plummeting.
‘It feels like my strength and agility got hit at the same time…'
A sense of emptiness, one that any explorer would understand, gnawed at my heart. 
While I adjusted to this new state, Baekho gave us instructions.
“Everyone, check your stats first! Try all your skills.”
Following his order, everyone began using their skills to see which stat had been sealed. 
I, however, didn't need to do that. I had already confirmed it during my initial attempt.
‘Storm’s Eye.’
The skill, which I could use as a grab when linked with [Transcend], wasn't working. 
“Oh? Baron already checked?”
“Just lucky.”
My words were a facade. It was an expected outcome. The only stat that combined strength and agility, the so-called double stats, was the ‘Storm Gust’ stat. I noticed it immediately as we disembarked.
‘Well, I guess this is the best scenario?’
During our previous passage, my Bellarios stat was sealed, leaving me vulnerable in terms of magic resistance. ‘Storm Gust’ was a stat I acquired with the intention of eventually removing it. This time, it wouldn't significantly impact my exploration. Unlike Baekho.
“Damn it…!!!”
“Baekho, what’s wrong?”
“Why, of all things, did it have to be my Tier Stat that got sealed?!”
For Baekho, the Tier Stat, undoubtedly the most valuable stat in his inventory, was sealed. 
Considering he built his other stats around supporting his Tier Stat, the lost combat power would be even greater.
“…Aw, that’s bad!”
“Perhaps it’s better if we return and come back later?”
“Nah, forget it! It takes ten days for the stat seal to reset. When are we supposed to wait that long? Unless all the remaining gacha rolls are complete failures, it’s inefficient.”
Baekho, who had been frantically waving his hands like an old man, quietly asked everyone.
“So… how’s everyone else? Did you get lucky?”
“Um… I’m doing much better than before. Though I lost one combat stat, it shouldn’t hinder my role in this… ”
“I am very satisfied!”
“Then, Baron?”
“Same for me. The stat with the lowest impact was sealed.”
“Oh, I see…?”
Baekho, surprised that everyone was satisfied, awkwardly laughed. Did he actually think it turned out for the better?
“Well, that’s that. If I’m screwed, it means someone else got the benefit. The bottom lane will carry.”
“Baekho… what’s the bottom lane?”
“You know, the guys who get all the support from every lane, yet only need one spoon for themselves, real annoying.”
“Lane…?”
Listening to Baekho and Aureus’s conversation, one thing became clear.
‘This guy’s definitely a top laner.’
For the record, I was a jungler. 
Although this was all irrelevant to the current situation.
“Alright everyone, if you’re done checking your stats, let’s get going.”
After confirming everything, we started our exploration in earnest.
Rustle, rustle. 
A field of ash, filled with small bone shards scattered like sand on a beach. 
As expected of a region known for its vast numbers, we encountered monsters quickly.
Thump, thump. 
“Skeleton Kinghelm defeated.”
“Lich defeated.”
“Zombie Lord defeated.”
“Bone Drake defeated.”
“Dark Knight defeated… ”
Monsters appearing at intervals of less than five minutes. It was the defining characteristic of the Dragon Spine.
If you lack the stats, hunting is impossible, but the overall peak stat is lower compared to other fields. Except for one case.
‘Don’t even think about it, it’s ominous…'
Regardless, we continued to move, prioritising unexplored areas to fill the gaps on our map. 
The battles themselves weren’t particularly difficult. The biggest issue was the Priest’s job.
‘If they were a true Priest instead of a Karui Priest, they would have been a lot more helpful against the undead.’
‘Well… I guess it’s impressive that a Priest is contributing this much to combat anyway.’
Besides, she actually had a useful skill against the undead.
“Jeina Flyer summoned [Undying Lord].”
“Gains control over all Undead monsters within range, Grade 5 or below.”
Jeina Flyer. A team member Baekho recently recruited.
‘This girl is quite intriguing.’
Where did she even find a Karui Priest of this caliber? It would take countless sacrifices to nurture someone to this level.
“Ten-minute break, everyone. Rest up.”
Seizing the opportunity, I approached Jeina during the break.
“….?”
Jeina, puzzled about my sudden approach, furrowed her brow. 
She must think I’m trying to do something sinister.
“What is it?”
“Nothing major, I just have a question. Don’t worry, it’s not personal.”
“Ask away.”
“Is that guy… quiet?”
When I asked that, Jeina’s brow furrowed even tighter.
“That guy. Karui.”
Was she really not understanding? I rephrased, specifying the subject, but her expression didn't soften.
“I know what you mean. But you said it wasn’t personal, and I was simply pondering why you’d ask such a question.”
“I said it wasn’t personal. As someone traveling with him, I have to always be aware of potential variables.”
“…. So what are you worried about?”
“Exactly what I said. Karui, I was wondering if he was staying quiet. We’re outside the walls now, and he hasn’t offered any ‘sacrifices’?”
‘Sacrifice’ referred to human sacrifice. 
Karui always demands sacrifices in exchange for immense power, and priests have to enter the dungeon periodically to kill innocent people to appease him.
Did Jeina understand my concern?
“…. Don’t worry about it, there’s no need.”
“Can you elaborate? I really want to be able to let this go if you could just tell me more.”
Jeina, after a moment of contemplation, sighed deeply.
“The moment we leave the walls, I can no longer hear Karui’s voice.  Naturally, there’s no need for sacrifices anymore.”
“No need, or unable?”
“…. Unable.”
Oh, I see.
So he can’t use any skills that require sacrifices?
“Anyway, it’s almost ten minutes, isn’t it?”
“…. Right. Everyone, wake up.”
I had more questions, but unfortunately, the break was over, and we resumed our exploration according to the schedule. 
We learned that sacrifices aren’t possible outside the walls. Aside from this new information, I had another question.
‘…. Why does the connection to Karui break outside the walls?’
He’s one of the beings called ‘God.’  This is strange, isn’t it?
***
KWAANG-!
A meteorite crashes down, scattering bone shards piled like mountains. 
And then…
Swoosh.
A massive, black-bodied monster rises from the crater created by the meteorite.
[Grrr... ]
Its appearance vaguely resembles a Skeleton, except the bones are black. The thickness and form of the bones are different. And…
‘That’s a black iron mace in its hand.’
No. 687 Siege Slayer.
A Grade 3 monster with a unique characteristic of always carrying a numbered item, despite being a ‘normal monster’.
“Vandemon! It’s Vandemon!”
Vandemon. The monster that appears at a very low probability when a meteorite falls on Dragon Spine during a rainy day.
I wouldn’t have believed we’d encounter him outside the walls.
“Battle sta—.”
I was ready to charge into combat when a voice from behind, the GM, shouted in excitement.
“Wait! Wait a minute!”
“…Huh?”
“There is reliable information that if you defeat Vandemon with three people, you will definitely get a stat!”
Oh…
‘Isn’t this what I discussed at the Round Table a while ago?’
The way he’s talking, I have a feeling that the information that was revealed at the Round Table was leaked…
“If the battle starts like this, you won’t get the stat, so please make a decision first—.”
“What are you on about?”
“Yes?”
“So, we’re going to take him down with three people? For a measly Grade 3 stat?”
Baekho’s signature cynical remarks are directed at the GM.
“You need to cast a ‘Distortion’ spell to get the stat here, right? But what if ‘Distortion’ fails?”
“Um… ”
“What kind of mage is so shortsighted? You’re always so quick to flaunt your knowledge.”
“It, it’s not like that. I just wanted to present different options—.”
“No, really, think about it. Why are we even trying to get the stat here? If you just defeat him, the numbered item drops like a pancake.”
To be honest, I was thinking the same thing, though not as rudely as Baekho.
Vandemon is usually a monster you hunt with a ‘Distortion’ spell.  
It’s not just the value of the byproducts, but Vandemon also drops a numbered item if the ‘Distortion’ spell succeeds. 
And…
‘This is outside the walls, where the rules are completely opposite to the dungeon.’
Unlike the dungeon, here, if you cast ‘Distortion’, the body disappears, and you have a chance to get a stat.  However, if you just defeat him, the body remains intact.
In simpler terms, if you just defeat him, you can loot the numbered item Vandemon carries…
“BEHEL—RAAAAAAAA!!!”
Without hesitation, I charged towards Vandemon, leaving no room for debate on which was the more logical choice. 
“Vandemon used [Mournful Strike].”
Seeing the iron mace swing with such intensity, a shiver ran down my spine. I know, after all, that even if I’m the strongest, I’ll break a bone if I take that hit bare-handed. 
‘He’s called the ‘Tank’ for a reason.’
Vandemon is slow, but his normal attacks are as strong as a fatal blow. Pure power comparable to an Ogre, or even stronger. And…
I need to fight with my physical resistance lowered due to the Dragon Spine’s field effect.
That’s why agile characters usually act as defensive tanks, navigating a tightrope walk during battles, unless their tanking abilities are overwhelming. 
Just like this.
“Defense Successful.”
“Aegis Barrier absorbed all damage.”
Instead of dodging, I just pushed my shield forward and it’s over.
[Grrk…?]
What’s with that sullen look?
Why do you think I chose the skill development path that keeps the Grade 5 skill [Gigantification] until the end?
If I combine Aegis Barrier and [Gigantification], I can block attacks that wouldn’t normally be ‘defense successful’ at my original size.
“What are you all doing?!  Attack!”
Once I drew Vandemon’s aggro, the actual hunt began.
It was outside the walls, so aggro shifted occasionally, but it wasn’t a significant threat. The monster itself isn't particularly mobile, to begin with.
“Leyton Briet used [Aiming Stance].”
“The longer the aiming time, the more special effects are applied to the next ranged attack.”
Vandemon wasn’t agile enough to shake me off, and ultimately, he was unable to reach the rest of the team, succumbing to our concentrated fire.
KWOONG-!
Unlike in the dungeon, Vandemon’s body didn’t fade into a burst of light.
“What’s the deal, old man? Just looting that and we’re done?”
“There isn’t much to loot other than the eyeballs and the spine.”
“Oh, really?”
As soon as we finished looting the byproducts, Baekho approached and picked up the iron mace Vandemon was holding with both hands.
“Damn, it’s heavy—.”
“What are you doing?”
“Yes? It’s heavy, so I’m putting it in my dimensional space.”
“So why is it going into your dimensional space?”
I grabbed Baekho’s wrist with one hand and reached for the ‘Siege Slayer’, and he looked puzzled before bursting into laughter.
“Ahaha, you’re right. You’re right. Baron’s not part of our team, are you?”
“These things need to be clarified.”
“But, I think you gave up the stat material last time without a fuss, right?”
“I remember you giving me other byproducts after that.”
“But if you’re going to be so strict, the ratio is off. We’re five, and you’re two.”
Being explorers, Baekho’s voice became sharp as soon as money became the subject.
However, it wasn’t an awkward or unpleasant situation. 
I’ve been an explorer for several years now. From the Bloodstained Citadel, where I worked with the dwarf and Raven, this kind of situation was the norm.  
And, that goes for this guy too, I guess.
“A team splitting up over loot, leading to dungeon wipe, isn’t even funny anymore. How about we settle it cleanly with this?”
The old man, unable to watch any longer, took out two dice and held them out.
“…I’m okay with that.”
I agreed, thinking it was the fairest solution. Baekho, on the other hand, looked uneasy.
“Ugh… Do we really need to do this? Just letting you have it once wouldn’t have hurt.”
“Why should we let you have it?”
“No, really, I’m not even going to use it myself. I thought it would be good as a swap weapon for our warrior.”
“Oh… Baekho, you really think so highly of me… ”
Aureus, who had been approaching with his arms open, awkwardly lowered them as Baekho continued. An awkward silence followed.
“…. ”
“…. ”
Baekho looked at me intensely, trying to gauge my thoughts. I didn’t flinch, signaling that I wouldn’t back down.
Perhaps that’s why…
“Ugh… Alright. Let’s roll the dice for once. But one roll per person?  We have five, so that’s five rolls. You two have two, so that’s two rolls.  Whoever gets the highest sum wins, okay?”
“Let’s do it.”
Just as we were about to finalize the agreement, the GM hesitantly raised his hand.
“Um… can I roll separately?  If I win, it’s mine.”
Ah, they say you can’t trust anyone.
“You two can settle that. Alright, we’ll roll first. Hey, I’ll roll for you guys, okay?”
“Uh… Baekho? Isn’t it better if we roll individually?”
“You don’t trust me?”
“That’s not it… ”
“Then that’s settled.”
Baekho, who had taken control of the situation with a dictatorial manner, began rolling the dice. I swallowed nervously as I observed the dice rolls. 
And then…
‘2’ 
I learned a new fact during the process.
‘3’ 
What?
‘2’ 
This guy rolls worse than me?
‘4’ 
Two dice, with a maximum of six per die.  The sums are pathetic. 
But, the number of rolls was a beast. 
“9…?”
“It’s 9…?”
“YES, I WIN!!!”
Baekho, who had rolled the dice five times, ended up getting the highest number, 9.
“Th, then I’ll roll too… ”
After that, the GM rolled the dice, hoping for a miracle. But the outcome was unfortunate.
“Ah…  8.”
“Wow, Baron only needs to roll and we’re done.”
“…. ”
“Oh, right, it’s because of the dice roll, right?  So, it doesn’t count if someone gave it up?”
“…. ”
“You should have just given it to me. I would have given you something in return.”
“Be quiet. I’m focusing.”
Baekho, who silenced the GM, clenched his fist, adding a subtle amount of force to his grip on the dice.
And then…
The weight and texture of the dice. The feel of the wind brushing against my skin.  I felt everything and, at that moment, thought, ‘Now.’
Chwaaaaaaaaaak.
I opened my palm and scattered the dice across the table. It always took a mere moment for the outcome to be decided.
Degureureureu.
The dice rolled and stopped, revealing the results.
“…Huh.”
“… 12?”
“12.”
The highest sum you could achieve using two dice.
“Damn it, that’s annoying. You didn’t cheat, right?”
“Baekho, no artificial interference.”
“Man, Baron’s luck is insane.”
Baekho, resigned to the outcome, turned his back on the ‘Siege Slayer’ and said casually.
“Ugh…  What are you doing?  Go ahead and take it.”
“Um…”
The situation was crystal clear.
I had won the dice roll, earning the most valuable loot on this exploration, ‘luckily’. 
This was, undeniably, a joyous occasion. 
But…
Duk, duk, duk, duk, duk-!
Why was my heart beating so fast?
‘I… won the dice roll?’
Why was I feeling this anxiety?