## The Siege Slayer (683) - Butterfly (3)
The Siege Slayer was a remarkably good item. Not only was its performance top-notch, but it also commanded a hefty price compared to other Numbers of similar rank.
“This world is brimming with mace wielders.”
Swords, hammers, maces, polearms, spears…
The world housed countless weapons, and in most games, ‘maces’ were relegated to a niche category. However…
“It’s not a bad weapon.”
In [Dungeon & Stone], maces were a surprisingly decent choice. While the slow attack speed presented a penalty, the damage output surpassed that of any other weapon.
Naturally, right?
Under the assumption of equal user stats, there was no weapon that could match a mace, with its inherent rotational force, especially for novice adventurers. 
“I used to level them up often during my early days…”
Though I switched to other weapons later due to maces’ inherent limitations, that was a story specific to me.
These people had no second or third playthroughs. 
Weapons accumulate proficiency with use, and most adventurers, whose livelihoods were at stake, couldn’t easily switch their weapons. This meant that most continued to use their initial weapons, even in the latter stages…
“I’d see at least one mace wielder on every floor above the seventh.”
Indeed, there were quite a few mace users among adventurers on the seventh floor and above.
The problem, however, lay in the fact that supply couldn’t meet demand. This was because there weren't many mace-type Numbers.
“Essentially, this is their endgame weapon.”
It may be just a 600-rank item, but for mace wielders, there’s no better choice than this. And mace users know it well. That’s why this item always sold for a hefty price in the auction house...
“That's not what's important right now.”
I shook my head, forcibly dismissing the intrusive thoughts.
No. 687, the Siege Slayer.
A valuable item, worthy of selling or using as a swap weapon. It had fallen into my hands, won through a lucky dice roll.
Thump!
Initially, it was hard to tell if the pounding in my chest was due to joy or anxiety. 
As time passed, however, it became clear.
Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump!
This feeling was far from the excitement associated with positive events. After all, my heart hadn’t pounded this hard even when I’d gotten the ‘Aegis Barrier’. 
Even though the joy of this moment was incomparable to anything else, I couldn’t help but feel this strange sense of unease.
“What are you doing? Just standing there?”
I was lost in thought, but I decided to snap out of it and pick up the Siege Slayer.
“The character has equipped the Siege Slayer (No. 687).”
“The overall item level has increased by +2,800.”
The moment I grasped it, I felt a physical change. This item had attached stats, after all. And they were hefty percentage bonuses.
“Strength has increased by 40%.”
“Agility has decreased by 80%.”
Agility was reduced, while strength increased. This was the primary reason why, despite the overall stats being inferior to the Demon Smasher, I decided to use it.
I could boost my strength whenever I needed it.
“Man, my body feels really sluggish.”
Of course, there were trade-offs. 
Well, I’d have to verify the specifics later.
“Swing.”
Just to try it out, I activated the skill, targeting empty space. Maces were classified as blunt weapons after all. 
“Huh? Baron, what's with the slow—.”
That's it. 
Wooooooosh!
The sound of air pressure as the mace cleaved through the air. Everyone, myself included, flinched at the sound.
“Huh?”
Seeing their expressions, I made my final decision.
“I’d rather keep it than sell it.”
A new weapon had come into my possession.
Of course, there was no guarantee it wouldn’t come with a lingering uneasiness. The more I liked the Siege Slayer, the greater the anxiety gnawed at my mind. But...
Thump!
…Yes, let’s just consider it a reward. A reward for enduring months of hardship in the dream world.
Thump!
Hmm… I need to be careful. It might be a harbinger of another misfortune.
I needed to be on high alert, prepared for anything that might unfold. So, if that’s the case…
“Ev, ev, ev—!”
Suddenly, the archer shouted urgently.
“Everyone, get out of the way!”
…Huh?
It was going to explode this quickly?
***
What in the world was going on? 
The moment the incident started, I scanned my surroundings. A habit I’d developed to directly observe and assess any situation. 
Perhaps due to my lowered agility and dulled senses, I couldn’t detect any imminent threats.
However…
“...Damn!”
“...!”
The expressions of everyone around me were filled with panic.
No, it was more than just their expressions. They were frantically scrambling away from their positions.
“Jeina!!”
The cleric, Jeina, whose mobility was hampered, was pulled back by the archer.
“Gramps!”
The ‘Gramps of Destruction’, Baekho, was being carried away by Ibeokho.
“Get on my back!”
The GM, with a dumbstruck expression, was quickly scooped up by Rex Aures, who was nearby, and they fled.
Even until then, I had no clue about what was happening, but one thing was undeniably clear.
Thump!
This place was dangerous. 
I needed to escape with them. 
I decided to start by moving my legs…
“Damn it.”
My body, burdened by the Siege Slayer’s 80% agility reduction, was sluggish.
I belatedly realized the situation and tried to put the weapon back into my subspace inventory, but unfortunately, I’d already missed my chance.
“What are you doing?! Look up!!”
Ibeokho, carrying the Gramps of Destruction on his back, shouted at me while turning around.
‘Up…?’
Realizing that Ibeokho’s gaze was fixed on the sky, I unconsciously lifted my head upward.
And…
‘Ah, that’s why they ran.’
I finally understood why everyone was in such a hurry.
[Keeeeya-aaa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ck—!]
A colossal flying creature, emitting a bloodcurdling pterodactyl-like screech, descended from the sky.
The only unique case in the generally easy-going Yonggolsan. 
One of the ‘Three of the Star Grave’, so-called. A 1-rank undead.
‘Bone Dragon…’
It may have ‘Bone’ at the beginning of its name, but this wasn’t a drake or a dragonian. This was a real dragon.
“The character is within the range of ‘Dragon Fear’.”
It even possessed that passive skill, the symbol of dragons.
This passive skill, by the way, had a straightforward effect.
“A gap in presence exists.”
When the character’s level was below ten, a debuff was applied based on the level difference, nullifying ‘anti-magic’ and anything else.
It might be just ‘Paralysis’ at level nine… 
But below level five, it was instant death. 
From level six, it triggered ‘Stun’ and ‘Soul Exhaustion’. 
At level seven, it was ‘Stiffness’ and ‘Soul Exhaustion’. 
And for level eight, which included myself…
“The character will be ‘Stiff’ for ten seconds.”
For a whopping ten seconds, my body would be completely frozen. And that wasn’t all.
‘Stiffness’ wouldn’t trigger just once. After a certain period, it’d activate again, and with prolonged combat, the number of stacks would increase, activating special effects.
That’s why Dragon Raids were recommended for level ten and a minimum level of nine was required. 
…Though that wasn’t what I should be thinking about right now.
‘Transcend.’
While I was ‘Stiff’, I quickly activated the skill.
“The character has activated ‘Gigantify’ (Transcend).”
First, I boosted my stats with Gigantify (Transcend).
“The character has activated ‘Iron Fortress’.”
Physical Resistance.
“The character has activated ‘Greedy Scales’.”
Maximum enhancement of magic resistance.
At the same time…
KWA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-ANG-!
The creature’s front leg, landing with a crash, slammed into my body, which had become as hard as stone.
The physical impact was bearable.
“Ka-ha-ck—!”
I couldn’t help but open my mouth, spitting out blood, but I could hold on. The problem was what came next.
“The character has taken physical damage.”
A common passive skill possessed by all dragons, similar to ‘Dragon Fear’.
“The conditions for ‘Dragon Claw’ are met.”
The effect was as direct as it could be.
“The character will suffer magic damage equal to the physical damage taken.”
This damn passive skill inflicted magic damage in addition to physical damage, and vice versa.
In other words, hybrid damage, and…
BEEEEEEP—!
I felt something exploding inside my body, accompanied by tinnitus.
It was like my meticulously built shield barbarian was nearly dead after getting hit once. But it wasn’t strange. 
This was the game called [Dungeon & Stone].
All 1-rank monsters were insanely powerful, and dragons were especially vicious.
“Jeina Flyer has summoned ‘Healing Leech’.”
“Jeina Flyer has activated ‘Regeneration Curse’.”
“Jeina Flyer has activated ‘Emergency Blood Transfusion’.”
“Cursed blood is…”
Luckily, it seemed she’d pre-cast her spells, and healing began the moment the damage hit.
Well, perhaps ‘lucky’ was a strong word.
“The body is rapidly regenerating.”
“The body is rapidly regenerating.”
“The body is rapidly regenerating.”
“The body is rapidly regenerating…”
The injury that could’ve been fatal was rapidly recovering, but that didn’t change anything. 
I’d started counting the moment my body froze.
‘Four seconds.’
I had four seconds left before the ‘Stiffness’ wore off. And if this bony dragon bastard landed even one proper attack in that time…
‘I’d die. That’s how 1-rank monsters work.’
No matter how well-developed your character, if you get hit by a 1-rank monster while defenseless, you’re dead.
That’s how it works. 
KWA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-ANG-!
The Bone Dragon attacked me again with its front leg. A casual movement, like a cat playing with a small animal.
But it wasn’t casual at all for the one getting hit.
“Ka-ha-ck—!”
It felt like I’d lost two-thirds of my health. But in the middle of it all, the creature’s front leg moved again.
It wasn’t attempting to stomp on me or anything…
‘Its wings are spreading… ‘
Damn it.
“The Bone Dragon has activated ‘Bone Breath’.”
So it was about to fire that.
The moment I sensed its next action, the world blurred before my eyes.
‘If I get hit…’
I’m 100% dead. It was that dangerous a situation.
“You damn lizard!”
Baekho’s voice boomed from behind.
Thud!
What? Was he coming to save me?
Thud-thud-!
But how was he running here? It was like he wasn’t affected by ‘Dragon Fear’ at all.
‘Ah… He’s already level ten…’
I learned something new about Baekho.
Considering the situation, I didn’t know if this new information mattered…
‘…It’s a damn lie.’
The shock from being repeatedly hit had finally brought me back to my senses.
Even if it was the ninth floor where dying from breathing was normal, would I die so pathetically here?
WHOOSH-!
The Bone Dragon extended its bone wings, flaring them back, and opened its maw. 
And…
FWA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAAT—!!
A black beam-like breath erupted from its mouth.
But I didn’t close my eyes. 
My body was stiff anyway, so I couldn’t even if I wanted to.
Clench.
After all, right?
I’d made up my mind, turning my back on this dream world without any regrets. Giving up now would be the most ridiculous thing…
“Safe!”
Baekho’s voice boomed from close by, and something forcefully pulled me backward.
‘This might be a bit touching.’
I never thought he’d come to save me while a dragon was breathing fire.
‘Zero seconds.’
The moment I silently counted down to zero…
“The ‘Stiffness’ status effect has been lifted.”
My frozen body relaxed smoothly.
Baekho, who’d pulled me back, shouted at the same time.
“What are you doing?! Raise your guard!!!”
What? Did he see the same thing I did? Did he even time the ‘Stiffness’ duration? 
I’d have to ask him about it later. For now, I raised my shield, covering my entire body.
“Defense successful.”
“The Aegis Barrier has absorbed all damage.”
Man, I really thought I was going to die. 