##  Butterfly (4)
The Bone Dragon. A special boss of "Dragon Spine Mountain," akin to the "Draizens" of the Dreamfall Waterfall.
I still couldn't believe my eyes. After encountering Draizens just a short while ago, now this beast stood before me.
"I guess I’m really cursed with bad luck."
A sigh escaped my lips, but what could I do? The situation had already unfolded. There was no choice but to do whatever I could to manage it.
The Bone Dragon's breath, which had been scorching my shield, finally ceased.
"Are you okay, hyung?"
Baekho, who had been holding onto my neck and pulling me back, whispered softly, his voice barely audible.
"Yeah, I'm fine."
It was fortunate that the Bone Dragon’s breath was relatively thin, firing in a straight line like a laser beam. If it had been like other dragons, engulfing a wide area with its flames, there would have been damage beyond my shield.
[ROOOOAAARRR-!!]
The Bone Dragon roared, its fury palpable. As it roared, I posed a question to Baekho.
"Were you calculating it?"
"Calculating what?"
"The stun duration. Did you calculate it precisely and come to save me?"
"… No? I don't calculate like that. I was just driven by pure, unwavering loyalty— even if I couldn't save you, I was determined to be by your side."
He had calculated it, hadn’t he?
It made sense; who in their right mind would charge into the heart of a dragon’s breath when there was no chance of survival?
"Alright, alright."
I chuckled, finally removing Baekho's hand from my neck.
Whether he had calculated it or not, the situation wouldn't change.
"Thanks for coming to save me."
"..."
What’s this? He doesn’t respond even after my thanks.
Is he embarrassed…?
"... So, why were you so slow? If everyone had run when they should've, we wouldn't be in this mess!"
…That’s right. He’s embarrassed.
Feeling awkward, I finally stood up, my body still half-crouched.
"Do you have a plan for what to do next?"
"No. I just ran to save you. That was the only thing on my mind."
Right.
"But, even so, it might be difficult to escape now, wouldn’t it? Since we’re within the Dragon’s Fierce Aura."
Was it just my imagination, or was there a hint of emphasizing my responsibility in his tone?
I didn’t know, but I immediately started defending myself.
"It wouldn't have been possible to escape, whether I was within the aura or not. The fact that it appeared out of the sky means it was already targeting us."
"What? If we ran while adjusting the distance—"
Hey, are you contradicting me?
"I told you it wouldn't have worked!"
"..."
"But, seeing as how I stayed behind and took the first hit and even dodged its breath, I guess you could say I saved two lives."
Well, if you think about it that way, I’m the one who deserves thanks—.
"Aagh! Just look ahead already!"
I followed Baekho's shout and turned my gaze forward. I noticed black orbs forming in the air around the Bone Dragon, which stood over 20 meters tall.
[The Bone Dragon is casting [Black Magic Protection].]
This was an active skill all dragons possessed, although it was simply called ‘Magic Protection’ for dragons other than the Bone Dragon.
Despite the difference in skill manifestation, it remained a top-tier defense skill.
Of course, as the saying goes: “Attack is the best defense.”
Just like this.
Pshhhhoooong-!
The black orbs, hovering around the Bone Dragon like drones, shimmered and unleashed magical waves towards us. A miniature version of the dragon’s breath.
[Defense Successful.]
I blocked one coming from the front.
Kwaaang-!
Baekho shattered another approaching from a diagonal angle with a punch.
"What should we do…?"
My mind races.
Of course, the goal was simple.
Dragon Raid?
It's true that we could earn a massive reward if we succeed.
Since it's not a dungeon, we can't expect essence, but dragons are known for their valuable byproducts.
Firstly, there's the dragon heart and the dragon essence.
"Since this is the Bone Dragon, there’s no dragon hide…."
We could also earn achievements for clearing the raid, and in my case, it would allow me to fill one stack of ‘Earth Dragon’s Blessing,’ gained from the Dragonkin vision.
However…
"Raid later, when we’re prepared.”
It was impossible for us to take it down ourselves at this moment. Therefore, our only goal right now was:
"Have you thought about it? How we’re going to escape."
How to escape a Bone Dragon that's already targeting us?
While pondering this, I had to lead the battle.
"We'll help too!"
"One at a time! Don't come close all at once. Enter the Dragon’s Fierce Aura one by one!"
To minimize the risk, I guided the rest of the party to enter the aura one by one.
It was going to be much harder to protect them if multiple people were incapacitated simultaneously.
Moreover, if we were to enter the aura in this manner, we wouldn't have any problems even at the second fierce aura. The Dragon's Fierce Aura was a passive that reactivated after a certain amount of time.
So, it was essential to design the battle so that one person was incapacitated at a time from the very beginning.
"I’m fine, no matter what."
The surprising element here was the ‘Annihilation Grandpa.’
Even after entering the aura, the Annihilation Grandpa didn't suffer any effects.
"This old geezer is also level 10…?"
While mages and priests couldn’t consume essence, and thus their levels were insignificant, it didn't mean their levels didn't exist.
They also gained experience points from killing monsters.
And…
"Why is it only the warriors who are stunned?"
It was surprising that everyone other than me and Rex Aurès was only afflicted with ‘Paralysis,’ a level 9 debuff.
[There's a slight disparity in the Fierce Aura.]
[Leighton Briet is paralyzed for 10 seconds.]
The archer was also level 9.
[There's a slight disparity in the Fierce Aura.]
[Jeina Flyer is paralyzed for 10 seconds.]
The priest of Karui was also level 9.
[There's a slight disparity in the Fierce Aura.]
[Yurven Havelion is paralyzed for 10 seconds.]
Even the GM, who claimed to have never entered a dungeon for years, was level 9.
"These guys are real veterans."
The thought of needing to work harder in the future and the thought that I needed to overcome this situation were both present in my mind.
And in that sense, I had to.
"Havelion, Ruinesgenes. I have a question for you two."
Before executing the plan that just popped into my head, I asked a question to the two mages, and received positive answers from both of them.
"... It’s possible, but…"
"Are you thinking of using that magic to escape?"
The replies were affirmative, but their reactions weren't. Including the two mages, everyone showed a dubious response.
"But... Will that really work…?"
"Or is there another way?"
"..."
Don't whine like that if you can't come up with an alternative.
"What’s wrong with you guys? It looks good to me. Don’t be delusional. We’re not in a position to be picky right now."
Baekho actively supported my opinion, and thus the planning stage was completed.
Therefore, it was time to put the plan into action.
"Behel—raaaaaaaa!!"
As soon as I saw the mages starting to draw the magic circle, I roared and charged forward, with Baekho right behind me.
From now on, our only goal was:
"Lord, do you know? We need to lower that bastard’s HP by at least 10% to execute that."
"I know."
We had to get past the Bone Dragon’s first phase.
And, that too, with only the five of us, excluding the two mages.
"Lord, you know we need to move to Plan B if your plan fails, right?"
"..."
"Don’t worry. I've got Plan B covered."
I wonder what Baekho’s Plan B is. 
I'm curious to know.
"Even in the worst-case scenario, the survivors need to survive."
... Suddenly, I lost my desire to hear that. 
I wouldn't need to know it if Plan A succeeds.
"Let me borrow your shoulder!"
As we closed in on the Bone Dragon, Baekho used my shoulder as a springboard and jumped high.
Pshhhhoooong-!
The black orbs hovering in the air shot lasers at Baekho, but he evaded them with acrobatics, stepping on the air. 
And...
Kwaaang-!
With a daring move, he landed an uppercut to the Bone Dragon’s jaw.
[GRROOOAAAR-!!]
Sadly, the damage didn't seem significant.
Hooooong-!
The arrow shot from behind also didn't inflict much damage, and Jeina, the priest, focused more on supporting the team rather than dealing damage.
"Rex Aurès was a pure tank from the beginning..."
Because of his low damage output, I kept Aurès in the back. His role in this raid was to use his body to block the ranged attacks aimed at the mages, archers, and priests.
"... Baekho doesn't have that skill either."
As the battle progressed, I grew increasingly disheartened by the meager damage. 
Now that Baekho no longer had [Star Extinction], the only main damage dealer in our party was the mage. 
However, the mages were busy drawing their magic circle, completely out of the battle.
"Even if they were in, it wouldn't have made a difference."
The mages were nothing more than support units until phase 3.
After all, it was a ‘Dragon.’
The Bone Dragon had a cheat characteristic that made it 100% immune to magic damage until phase 3.
[Leighton Briet is casting [Ability Overlay].]
[Leighton Briet is casting [Tension Enhancement].]
[Leighton Briet is casting [Tension Enhancement]... ]
The real damage dealers were Baekho and Leighton Briet.
Just the two of them.
"No, I guess it’s three if you count me."
I reached into my subspace without holding anything.
And...
[Character has equipped No.687 City Slaughterer.]
[Overall item level increased by +2,800.]
I equipped the new weapon I had obtained a while ago, taking advantage of the 3-second delay in subspace.
[Strength stat increased by 40%.]
[Agility stat decreased by 80%.]
Then, with my body noticeably slower, I swung the mace with all my might.
Phaaarrrr-!!
At least for today.
[Character is casting [Swing].]
[Character's strength stat is over 1,200.]
[Deals double damage to enemies with 90% HP or more.]
I was the main damage dealer.
***
1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes...
It wasn't that difficult.
I felt like I was just grinding, but a grueling one.
It felt like I was repeatedly hitting unbreakable ore with a pickaxe.
However...
5 minutes.
From this point, the battle felt significantly harder. 
[Dragon’s Fierce Aura] activated again, stunning me, and I almost died after getting hit by the front legs a few times. 
I barely survived thanks to healing.
The Bone Dragon’s hind legs, which we had been focusing on attacking, remained intact.
10 minutes.
Leighton Briet, who had been constantly unleashing skills, ran out of MP. 
However, the mages, having completed their magic circle, started using supporting magic, so the gap wasn't that noticeable. 
The Bone Dragon’s hind legs had become a bit frayed.
12 minutes.
Jeina’s resources depleted, and the healing she had been providing for me and Rex Aurès stopped.
The good news was that I had gotten better at swapping the mace in and out of subspace.
Now it took about 2 seconds.
Oh, the Bone Dragon’s hind leg was also noticeably damaged.
17 minutes.
Rex Aurès, who had been taking all ranged projectiles with his bare body, finally couldn't hold on any longer and collapsed, becoming incapacitated.
The Bone Dragon began to be wary of its hind legs.
21 minutes.
Baekho was severely injured trying to save me while I was stunned.
Because he was no longer drawing its attention, it was several times harder to hit it with the mace.
However, it was almost over.
22 minutes.
I took a big hit, failing to guard myself.
I thought I had gotten used to its attack patterns, but there was a surprise attack in the middle of it all.
23 minutes.
With Aurès out of the picture, a casualty occurred in the defenseless backline.
Karui's priest, Jeina.
It looked like the laser hit her abdomen. I didn’t know if she’d survive.
24 minutes.
Baekho, who had been drinking potions in the back, returned to the battlefield.
The number of mace swings per minute increased.
From now on, focus on one thing.
Swing the mace and put it back in subspace.
Then, dodge its front legs by rolling to the side.
Repeat this process, again and again.
25 minutes.
Baekho talks about Plan B.
The contents are quite ridiculous.
He says we should take only the Annihilation Scholar and escape as a trio.
"That’s what happens when you don’t have friends," I replied.
26 minutes.
Swing the mace.
I'm exhausted.
27 minutes.
Swing the mace.
I think I'm going to die.
28 minutes.
Swing the mace.
I think I’m running out of MP.
Should I use Plan B?
“…No way."
Focus on swinging the mace—.
"Huh?"
I felt the mace swing differently than before. In that moment, the mace shattered the Bone Dragon’s hind leg, which was covered in cracks, and hit the ground.
29 minutes.
Finally, one of the Bone Dragon’s legs was shattered.
This meant we had achieved our goal.
Four legs, horns, and wings.
In the game, if any of these were broken, the Bone Dragon’s HP was reduced by 10%.
So, as expected…
[The Bone Dragon is casting [Magic Dominion].]
Phase 1 was over.
[All magic within the range has its effects amplified tenfold.]
I didn't need to give instructions.
The two mages, who had been waiting for this moment, activated their magic circles.
[Belveb Ruinesgenes has cast 4th-grade spatial magic [Multiple Instantaneous Teleportation].]
This magic had already been used several times, but that’s how it is.
There’s a reason why some things are used often.
Swaaaaaaaaaa—
Currently, with [Magic Dominion] activated, this magic circle could be used to travel ten times farther than normal.
Simply put, this meant we could instantly teleport from here to the Primordial Land.
If we did that, even this monster wouldn’t be able to follow—
[Where are you going?]
"..."
Did I hear that wrong—.
[The Bone Dragon is casting ‘Dispel’.]
Wait, what?
"The Bone Dragon… is using Dispel…?"
This was different from the game…
Thud-!
My mind went blank, unable to think of anything.
Then, in that moment…
[Belveb Ruinesgenes's magic stat is over 1,000.]
[Successfully resisted the Bone Dragon’s [Dispel], though slightly.]
Flash-!
For some reason, the signature effect of teleportation occurred, and a blinding flash enveloped me.
[Incomplete spell.]
[Character teleported to a random location.]
]]]