##  The Mystery (2)
Everyone's expression turns to confusion, no one speaking first. Before making any judgments, we decide to hear Lee Baek-ho's story. 
"Me?"
"Yes, tell us what you know. Maybe there's some information that will help us understand the situation."
"There isn't really anything useful... After waking up in the Toxic Lava Zone, I was looking for anyone else who might have fallen there. But I didn’t see anyone, so I just headed over to the Primordial Land."
There weren't any helpful clues after that either. 
He said that he only found the cloth tied up a few days after entering the Primordial Land, and that he ran all the way to the place with the monument, nothing else really happened...
"But guess what? When I got there, I found traces of everyone but no one was there."
He continued, "There was this strange, new entrance-like thing, and seeing that our tracks led to it, I entered."
"And that's my story, end scene!"
Baek-ho, who had been stretching like he'd just woken up, suddenly changed his expression. He looked us all over and asked in a low voice, "So, why isn't our archer here?"
"......"
"Dead?"
I was speechless at his blunt question. I hadn't done anything wrong. 
"Briet is dead."
"How?"
"We found his body on his way to the Primordial Forest. He was alone, and it looked like he’d been attacked by a beast."
"......Really?"
Baek-ho remained silent for a moment. 
It wasn’t long, though.
"Hmm, at least only one person died, we got lucky."
Baek-ho regained his usual energy as if nothing had happened.
"You guys must have had a tough time. Honestly, I thought everyone except for the Baron and our old man were dead."
"......"
"But what are we going to do without an archer? That guy might have been timid but he was really good at what he did."
I couldn't understand his true feelings. 
Was he really this unaffected? 
We'd been together for at least three years, hadn't we?
Whatever the case, the conversation about Briet ended there.
"Anyway, that's not the point... So what happened? None of us tied the cloth?"
"No. Unless Baek-ho is playing some sort of prank."
"Why would I play such a prank? Ha... This is crazy."
Well, I don't know.
Is this really crazy enough to be called crazy? 
"Maybe… there's a traitor among us?"
Baek-ho started rolling his eyes.
***
"It wasn't me! I'm innocent! I couldn't possibly have come up with a complicated plan like that!"
Aures started defending himself as soon as Baek-ho looked at him.
This isn't a Mafia game.
Since there was no reason to waste energy on pointless matters, I quickly intervened.
"Stop accusing your comrades."
"Why? It’s a reasonable suspicion—."
Reasonable suspicion, my ass.
"If none of us tied the cloth, then it's more reasonable to suspect someone else."
"Someone else...?  "
"Have you forgotten? We're not the only ones here."
Baek-ho, who had been confused by my words, slightly opened his mouth as if he realized something.
"Ah! That bastard who lured us here! His name was... Han... What was it? Oh, right! Daelan! Han—!"
"Stop."
I quickly stopped him before the name that symbolized misfortune was complete. This time, Jeina spoke up next to me.
"But he's already dead, right?"
"Right! We destroyed him when he transformed into a Baion. And even the Ruin Genesis Guild was disbanded, wasn’t it?"
Aures chimed in in agreement.
Without me having to step in, the old man opened his mouth.
"I also share the Baron's opinion. Isn't it possible that this unknown person, who had the potential to lure us in, was Han—."
"Just use his title from now on."
"......?"
"You two weren't exactly close, were you?  Have some manners."
The old man looked at me as if asking what the hell was I talking about, but he didn't seem to want to argue.
"...Anyway, my opinion is that it’s likely we met someone who disguised themselves as a man called Daelan."
"Then what is this unknown person's goal?"
"I don't know. However, we'll naturally find out as we investigate this place.  Why he brought us here."
As the old man said, we'll find out eventually.
We're already trapped here, and all we can do is continue to explore this mysterious space.
"Alright, that’s pretty much everything we got. Let's be careful of that mysterious bastard and search this place. Right, Baron?"
"That’s the gist of it."
"Let's go then!  Maybe we'll find that bastard if we keep going. That dog-ass bastard."
Baek-ho, who said we should go, approached me.
When I didn't move, he tilted his head.
"Why aren’t you going down… Ah, right. You were going up when we met before, right?”
Baek-ho, who had just realized something was strange, asked me why.
It's one of the reasons why having too many helmsmen is a bad thing.
Everyone else would just follow if I insisted, but this guy wouldn’t.
"Something might appear if we go up. I thought we needed to check it out."
As soon as I added that explanation, Baek-ho thought for a moment before slapping his knees.
"Something might appear if we go up… Ah!  Now I remember! This place is like the ‘Golden Ruins’!”
Whew, maybe it’s because he’s been playing the original mode for a long time?
This guy, even after clearing the cheat map, knows more than you think.
"Hee, so you're aiming for that?  I agree.  Worth checking out!"
"I… What are you two talking about…?"
"It's nothing. You just follow us."
In any case, we were in agreement. We continued to climb the stairs with Baek-ho in tow.
Ten minutes, twenty minutes, thirty minutes…….
How much time had passed?
I don’t know exactly, but I started to wonder if there weren't any events in this place, unlike the maze, when we reached the top.
Thump.
Finally, the stairs ended and a narrow passage appeared.
"...Huh?"
"There was really an end...? I thought it would be an illusionary spell or something."
"I wonder what's at the end…"
I started walking towards the passage without explanation, and everyone silently followed.
Thump, thump.
After walking about ten meters, the darkness disappeared, and a stone gate appeared at the end of the passage.
I wondered if I should give a briefing before we went in, but I decided to just skip it.
‘These guys can easily defeat Level 3 monsters, what's the point?’
The Golden Ruins, one of the rifts of the fourth floor.
It wasn't even a guardian of the rift, but a hidden boss-like figure, so the battle itself shouldn’t be too difficult.
"Let's begin."
After giving that brief notice, I immediately pulled out my hammer and swung it at the stone gate.
Then…….
Kwaa-aa-aa-aa-ng-!
The stone gate shattered into pieces in a single blow.
‘…What?’
Even after smashing it, I was dumbfounded.
It was quite durable in the game.
Even if I'd raised my character as a tank-barbarian, I thought it would take at least five hits to break it.
Swa-aa-aa-aa.
GM used a wind magic spell to clear away the dust, revealing the interior. I cautiously entered and looked around.
The layout was a square-shaped room.
It was much better than the narrow passage, but it wasn't that big. There were horrifying murals on the walls...
Thump.
There was a golden coffin, three meters long, in the center.
It was a piece we could find if we kept going up the stairs in reverse.
Thump.
If we open that coffin, a Level 4 monster called ‘Makairo’ will appear as a mid-boss.
Defeating it gives us a battle buff that lasts until we leave the rift, and if we're lucky, we might get a very rare numbered item.
Thump.
I kicked the lid of the coffin and it fell off, and I quickly stepped back, putting distance between us.
Kwaa-aa-aa-aa-ng-!
I raised my shield and prepared for battle, and everyone else instinctively followed suit.
But…….
"......"
"......"
"…Isn’t something supposed to come out?"
After the dust settled, the boss monster still showed no sign of waking up.
‘What the hell is this?’
I lowered my shield and cautiously approached the coffin to check inside. I was dumbfounded, and Baek-ho muttered as he quietly approached me.
"What is it?  It's already dead?"
Inside the coffin lay a white bone skeleton.
***
We stared at the skeleton lying in the coffin. Baek-ho called for the old man.
"Grandpa, loot first. Even if the most valuable eyeballs are gone, Makairo bones are pretty good."
"There’s no need. This bone has no value."
"What do you mean?"
"The value of a beast's bone comes from the magic preserved within it. But……."
The old man picked up a bone and continued.
"There’s no magic detected here. This is worse than goblin bones. It’s already decayed and worn out, not even usable as a walking stick."
“…This is the first time I’ve seen a bone that doesn’t have any magic. For the magic density to reach zero, it would usually take more than a normal amount of time.”
"In that case, it’s worth taking a few pieces. As this friend said, this is a very unusual situation."
The old man put a few large bone fragments into his bag, and GM followed suit, taking a few pieces.
"Wow, so we came all this way and all we got are a few bone fragments that are worse than goblin bones?"
"Unfortunately, that's the case."
"Why is it like this?"
"Well, there are a couple of possibilities."
The old man spread out two fingers.
"One, it’s the cause of this beast’s death.  Occasionally, this phenomenon occurs in corpses where vitality and magic have been absorbed due to black magic or Karui’s power."
"So, that bastard who lured us here could be a black magician or a Karui thug?  Okay, confirmed. What's the second possibility?"
"The corpse may have been dead for a very long time. As time passes, all organic byproducts decay or corrode, and their magic dissipates."
"Then what about the bones that are made into equipment? The one that was auctioned off before was owned by a very famous explorer from thousands of years ago.  It was sold for a very expensive price, right?"
"That’s because it was magically processed to prevent the magic from dissipating."
"So, how long does it take for bones to become garbage like this?"
"Just so happens there’s a specimen at the magic tower that’s being used for that experiment."
"Ah, you’re talking about Jaimetal’s goblin bones.  I heard the experiment started last year and it’s been exactly 4,000 years.”
"Was it that long?  It still has magic in it."
We talked about bones for a long time, but the main point was just one.
"In simple terms, does that mean this guy could have been dead for over 4,000 years?"
"If he wasn't killed by black magic or something like that."
Of course, we didn't have to worry about this right away.
What does it matter how he died or how long ago he died?
‘…It's a shame we didn't get the buff.’
I was secretly hoping for it.
If we beat this guy, there's a small chance we'd get an item—.
"Huh? Baron, what is this?  Looks like a ‘box’..."
"What? ‘Box’?"
I turned my head in the direction where the sound came from, and I saw Aures holding a black, cubic box.
"...Where did you find that?"
"Found it?  It was just there in the corner?"
"Give it here."
I snatched the box from him and carefully examined it from top to bottom.  I finished identifying it.
It was definitely real.
"What is it exactly...?"
"No. 777 Makairo's Chest."
It was an item I usually called a mystery box.