## The Face Beneath the Mask
“You’re a stubborn one, aren’t you?”
Leighton Briet, a man of few words, glared at Baek Ho, his gaze icy despite the playful tone in his voice. Baek Ho, the most senior member of the team after the Old Man, sighed. He had been expecting Briet’s silence.
“Even though I’ve treated you like a friend, right?”
“That’s irrelevant. Now tell me. How are you alive? What is this mask you’re wearing? And what were you really up to back there?”
“...”
“I’ll extract something from your body every time you stop speaking, just so you know.”
“...”
“Start.”
Baek Ho’s voice boomed, a stark contrast to Briet’s continued silence. Briet’s eyes narrowed. He wasn't about to spill the beans easily.  
Baek Ho waited three tense seconds, his gaze unwavering.
“Aagh! Aaah, aaah!”
Slicing through the silence, Baek Ho slowly extended his hand and plunged it into Briet’s left eye. A sickening crunch echoed through the chamber.
“Aaah! Aaaargh!”
As Briet writhed in pain on the ground, Baek Ho’s face remained impassive.
“Start.”
He uttered the word again, his tone unchanging.  He wasn’t interested in threats or persuasion, only in extracting the truth.
“Aaah! Aaaargh!”
Baek Ho ripped out an ear, then began pulling at Briet’s internal organs.  When Briet’s condition became too dire, Baek Ho would heal him with a potion.
“He’s not making a sound except for those screams,” I thought. 
Briet didn’t seem to be in physical pain, but he wasn’t saying anything. Was it because he understood the futility of it all? He offered no excuses, no pleas for mercy, nothing.  He was resilient, I’ll give him that.
“I’ll need to try a different approach soon,” I thought. 
The Old Man was right. This torture wouldn’t be effective.  The torture would go on until he spoke. But Briet’s resilience was testing my patience. I was tempted to stop him.
“Aaaaaaaargh!”
Baek Ho was relentless, but Briet was incredible. I watched as he was 'treated' with a potion, then turned my attention to the rest of the team as they arrived.
“Ah, you’re here. What took you so long?”
“…We got lost. No one knew the way.”
“What’s going on here?”
“Wait! Briet? That’s Briet, right?”
“Calm down, everyone. I’ll explain. It’s Briet. He’s alive.”
My team was more shocked than threatened by the sight of Briet writhing in pain. Baek Ho, unfazed, continued his interrogation.
“So, there was a suspicious man with a wolf mask.  Baek Ho removed the mask, and it was Briet,” our GM explained to the team.
“Ruin Genesis! But I saw him die! I saw it with my own eyes!”
“I saw it too. It seemed clear. But he’s alive, so it must be some kind of illusion ability or a special device.  A way to feign death.”
“Probably. He was acting dead as soon as he was caught, you know.”
“Hmm…  Several abilities come to mind.”
Honestly, it didn’t matter if it was a magic ability or some item. The key was that Briet had faked his death in front of the Old Man and infiltrated this ruin.
“This is even more suspicious. What’s Briet trying to accomplish?”
“We’ll find out.”
As the team discussed the situation, Baek Ho yelled out to the Old Man.
“Old Man! What are you doing?  Get over here and cast that spell on him!”
The Old Man walked over to Briet and cast a spell.
“What kind of magic is that?” the GM whispered to me.
“The magical structure indicates a neuro-stimulation and arousal spell.”
“So, it’s something to enhance the torture?”
“Yes.  It’ll amplify Briet’s pain by several times.”
Great. More useful information. I’ll need to remember this for later.
“Aaaaaargh!”
The spell was immediate. Briet’s screams were amplified, and tears and snot streamed from his face.  Soon, his throat began to tear and the screams gave way to a rasping metallic sound.
“...”
Baek Ho was finally losing his patience. Briet had held his tongue until he passed out from pain.
“Wow, this guy is hardcore.”
To be honest, I thought Baek Ho was even more hardcore for continuously administering potions to keep him alive.
“Alright, I’m feeling a bit better now.  Let’s chat.”
Baek Ho turned to us with his signature, friendly smile. He seemed ready to actually talk now.
“How did you find him?  I mean, how did you find him?” I pressed.
“I found him? I found him? I found him?!”
“How is it that you found him when none of us could?  Did you know all along?”
Maybe Baek Ho had a way to find him and was hiding it?  
“Oh, that?”
Baek Ho shrugged nonchalantly. 
“I was baiting him. Playing crazy.”
“You were…  acting?”
“Yeah.  If I acted crazy, I figured he would try to observe me.  So I separated myself from the team, muttering to myself, banging my head on the wall, and making a whole scene.  Then…BOOM!”
Baek Ho made a gesture like something was exploding.
“I unleashed a few area-of-effect spells nearby. And, someone actually went for the bait!  The rest is history, just as the Baron saw it.”
“Oh, I see…”
“How’s my plan? Pretty ingenious, right?”
Ingenious? I’d say it was more insane than ingenious.  
“Whatever,” I muttered.  “It’s pretty clear that this guy is not normal.”
‘He’s actually crazy,’ I thought. 
“Anyway, now that my anger’s subsided, it’s time to loot the body.”
Baek Ho walked towards Briet, who had fallen unconscious, and began searching his pockets.
“Damn, he probably put everything in his personal pocket dimension.”
“I can’t find his bow either.  Wasn’t it a Numbered Item? A high-numbered one, too.”
“Hah,  so if he won’t cooperate, we can’t even loot him properly.  Hey, Old Man!  You have any ideas?”
“Let me see.”
The Old Man leaned over and examined Briet’s body. He shook his head.
“The spellwork is intricate. It’s impossible to open his pocket dimension or transfer the ownership of it.”
“So, there’s no way?”
“If we destroy the spell itself, we can force it open. But it’ll cause damage.”
“Damage? What do you mean?”
“Three-tenths of the items in his pocket dimension will be destroyed within the multi-dimensional space.”
“So, it’s like a 30% chance his bow could disappear?”
“What will you do?”
“Do it.  He’s not going to open it voluntarily, anyway.”
“Alright, then we’ll need a larger space.”
We took Briet to the main hall and laid him down. Then, the Old Man began dismantling his pocket dimension.
“Let’s start.”
At first, the runes on the Old Man’s hand only glowed red.  But after a few seconds, a blinding white light erupted.
A moment later, a small portal opened on the Old Man’s hand.
“Wow…”
This was like a treasure goblin’s loot explosion.
“This is after 30% was destroyed?”
We were all in awe at the sheer volume of items spewing from the portal.  The main hall was nearly covered in loot.
“Be, be careful!”
The hall was a complete disaster.  Potions and ceramics shattered.  An explosive item even detonated as it appeared.  We were all scrambling to cast antidotes for the cloud of poison gas that erupted. But the reward was worth the mess.
“Yes! I knew it!”
A flawless No. 696 Rainless Palace, along with many other high-value items, had survived the dismantling process.  Briet, a veteran Plunderer who had spent a long time outside the walls, had a vast collection.
‘He probably couldn’t sell them all out there, so he stored them here.’
Plunderers from Noirk preferred to trade their valuable items, rather than sell them to vendors for a low price.  They exchanged them for items of equal value.
“Don’t put anything in your pockets.  Gather them all in one place!  We’ll divide them fairly.”
Together, we gathered and sorted the loot.  Some of the items were quite suspicious.
“What the hell is this wolf mask?”
“Why did he have so many of the same wolf mask?”
“It’s not the same mask. Look closely. They’re different sizes.”
There were a disturbing number of wolf masks.  They even had a strange medal that went with them.
“This medal has a wolf carved on it, too.”
“It’s too coincidental to be something he just found.”
“Let me see it.”
The Old Man took the medal and examined it closely.  His expression was unreadable. 
“Do you know what this is?”
“I’ve heard about it. A long time ago.”
“What is it? A magical item with special abilities?”
“It’s not a magical item, it’s a symbol of belonging to a certain group.”
“A group?  I’ve never heard of a group with this symbol.”
“That’s probably right. This is a symbol from an ancient group that existed before the founding of Raphdonia.”
“An ancient group?  What was it called?”
The GM’s eyes sparkled with curiosity as he looked at the medal.  The Old Man held up the medal.
“Hirkmutha.”
“In ancient tongue, that means White Wolf.”
“The name comes from the nickname of the individual they followed.”
“A nickname?”
“The White Magician.”
The GM’s eyes widened at the Old Man’s words. There was only one person in Raphdonia’s history called the White Magician.
“The White Magician?”
“The Last Sage, Diflun Graundel Gavrilius.  Hirkmutha was a group of people who followed him.”
Hirkmutha. An ancient group who followed Diflun Graundel Gavrilius, the White Magician and Last Sage.
“Wait, if the masks are supposed to represent the White Wolf, why are all of the masks black?”
“Well, I don’t know.  Briet’s not going to tell us. What do you think, Baek Ho?”
Baek Ho muttered in an uncertain voice.
“Hmm… We even cast Pain Augmentation on him. I don’t think he’ll talk anymore.  We don’t have any other options.”
Baek Ho shook his head, unable to fathom this man’s resilience. The Old Man added casually:
“Perhaps he’s bound by a ‘Prohibition’.  Maybe he wants to speak but can’t.”
“Prohibition? What’s that, Old Man?”
“I recall reading about it when I was researching Hirkmutha.  All of its members took a vow to maintain secrecy.”
“Vows and Prohibitions are different, don’t you think?”
“That’s why it’s just a guess. However, there’s a forgotten ancient magic that can enforce vows. So, it’s not an entirely impossible story.”
“Hmm, I see.”
Right as the conversation turned to the topic of vows and prohibitions, Jeina rushed up to us.
“Everyone, come here quickly!  Briet is dead!”
“Huh? Oh, that? Don’t worry. He’s just faking it again.  Probably rolling around on his back, you know—.”
“No, he’s really dead, I think!”