## The Fragment of a Dream
“Hmm, if that’s the case, I’ll show you one more thing. But which one… Ah, why don’t you choose this time?”
Auril Gaviss’s suggestion wasn’t bad. Unlike before, where he’d pointed out a specific fragment, this time I could choose. It meant I could potentially prevent him from manipulating me.
“…”
I hesitated for a long time, unable to decide, until she finally added, “Why are you so indecisive? Whatever you choose, it will be your fate.”
“If you believe that, why bother breathing or thinking?”
I shot back, but after hearing the old man’s words, I realized that fretting over such a trivial matter was pointless. So…
“That one over there. Give me the sturdy one with the inverted triangle shape.”
I chose the one that appeared largest among the fragments.  The bigger it was, the more text there might be to read, I reasoned.
Did this old man perhaps memorize the contents of every fragment stone?
“Hmm… You chose that one, of all things.”
“Why? Is there a problem?”
“No, not a problem, per se… Well, if it’s your fate, then so be it.”
Auril Gaviss asked once more if I really wanted to see it, and after careful consideration, I agreed.  Swoosh-!
The fragment stone slowly descended towards the old man’s outstretched hand. It was close enough for me to make out the text.
But had I made the wrong choice?  ‘Why are there so many empty spaces?’ I’d chosen the biggest one, but when I actually saw it, it was shattered and chipped, leaving only a few readable characters.
I tried to decipher what I could, though.
[………On the day the fields burned, this……… …evil spirit ‘————’ betrayed the…… his comrades….]
The pattern itself, the one meant to symbolize the name, matched the one I’d seen earlier.
That meant ‘————’ referred to me, but…
“On the day the Fields of Carnon burned… Betrayed by a comrade he trusted…?”
Considering the damage and filling in the missing parts based on context, that was the gist of it.
“Did I interpret it correctly?”
“At any given moment, interpretation is your responsibility.”
“Ha, Tsk… ”
Should I have looked? My already cluttered mind became even more tangled.  A tragic accident took the lives of three comrades.
Then, before or after that, a comrade betrays me? Apparently, knowing an unchangeable future isn’t a blessing but a curse.
“Interesting.”
“Do you find it amusing that I’m distressed?”
“More like, it’s curious you picked the fragment with you in it out of all these. I guess that’s the power of fate.”
The old man seemed genuinely interested, and he even offered to let me see another fragment.  But…
“No, thank you. I’d rather not have my head hurt any more than it already does.”
“Hmm, if you say so. Very well. I won’t offer anymore.”
The tour of the fragment stones ended there. We climbed back down the stairs and returned to the cave. There wasn’t much conversation on the way back.
“So, are you leaving now?”
“Yes. Even showing up this late will make Baekho go ballistic.”
“That fellow reminds me of you. He craves knowledge just like you.”
“Why are you always telling me to avoid him?”
“That advice still stands. You won’t benefit from being close to Baekho.”
“Do you mean that from my perspective or yours?”
“Both.”
It had been a while since I’d realized this, but talking to this old man feels fruitless. I can never be sure whether what he says is true or not.
I may speak often, but I can’t believe a word.
“…”
“Speaking of which, I’ll tell you one more thing.”
“Ugh… Tell me.”
“Be wary of Baekho.”
“Isn’t that what you said before?”
I tilted my head in confusion, but Auril Gaviss continued, as if urging me to listen.
“I may have said he’s just a supporting character, but Baekho is quite an unusual being. Do you see that?”
Auril Gaviss pointed to the hundreds of fragment stones slowly orbiting in the air.
“He’s not just here. I’ve personally seen countless records from countless fragment stones, but Baekho is never mentioned in any of them.”
“…”
“That’s highly unusual.  A being with such influence, someone so closely connected to you, is never recorded anywhere. ”
If that were true, then it was indeed strange. Did Baekho have some unknown secret hidden from us?
Auril Gaviss continued.
“So be careful of Baekho. The fact that he doesn’t appear in any ‘records’ means he’s free from their influence. He might not be entirely without effect, but he’s certainly freer than us.”
“Don’t worry. I’m already on my guard against him.”
“That’s good to hear.”
“Even if we part ways now, we’ll surely meet again, right?”
“That’s what they call destiny.”
“Then I’ll be on my way. I’ll try not to meet you too late.”
“That’s what I hope for.”
After those words, Auril Gaviss simply watched me in silence, and I didn’t say anything back. I merely glanced at the old man one more time, gave him a nod, and stepped into the portal.
And then…
“Oh! You’re here!”
“I, I’m so glad! I was worried!”
“What’s this? Why are you so late? Baron! Did you have a talk with the old man? Huh? You did, didn’t you?”
As soon as I opened my eyes after stepping through the portal, I heard a barrage of questions from all directions. Baekho.  Rex Aures.  Jeana Flyer.  Belvev Ruinzenes.  Yurben Habilion.
It’s strange that they’re all ‘evil spirits,’ but even more so, that if you include me, we make up a perfect six-member team.
“What’s with those eyes? I just got a chill.”
Ignoring Baekho’s antics, I recalled the record I’d just read.
Something suddenly came to mind.
[The evil spirit ‘————’ who came from another world lost three comrades and finally realized the path he must take.]
Three comrades not specifically mentioned.
“You, become my comrades.”
Maybe there’s a way to use this.
It was an impulsive thought.  The record only said ‘three comrades,’ after all.
‘If I make these guys my comrades and we travel together… Maybe three of them will die, and I can survive.’
It sounds absurd, but if you think about it logically, there’s no flaw in that idea.
Well, even so, I can’t be sure that it will actually work.  But what’s to be done?  I’ll try it out as far as I can.
“Comrades…?”
Maybe my proposal was baffling.  Everyone looked stunned at my sudden suggestion.  Baekho’s expression was the most comical.
“Wow, this just got more interesting. What did the old man say to make you suddenly change like this?”
After momentarily frozen in shock, Baekho regained his sharp gaze and stared at me. His reaction made me realize I’d been a bit hasty.
I should have been calm and proceeded step-by-step, even with the lives of my comrades hanging in the balance.
“Baron, what did you do with the old man?”
“…”
“Nothing special, really.”
“Come on, who would believe that?  You weren’t with him, but you changed your mind like that?”
“It’s just that as we travel together, I’ve come to realize things.  It would be nice to have you guys with me when I enter the maze.”
Of course, it was a lie.  The maze is the place where you have to be most careful of backstabbing, so how can I go in with those guys?
They were the kind of people who would hide a knife in their pockets when I wasn’t around. If I join, it will be a total disaster.
“Hmm… But what about your clan if you travel with us?”
Baekho asked, hinting at a possibility.  He obviously didn’t believe my words about having no ulterior motives, but he seemed willing to listen.
“Well, I’ll have to think about that later.  You haven’t agreed to it anyway.”
I nonchalantly brushed off the situation, making it sound like I hadn’t thought about it much yet.  But…
“Oh!  The giant, Baron Jandel, is going to be our comrade?  This is something we should really consider seriously.”
Baekho muttered in a monotone, as if reading from a textbook. Everyone recognized this as a sarcastic remark, except one person.
“I, Baekho…? If the Baron joins the team, my, my place might be…?”
Rex Aures, Baekho’s team tank.  Even a seasoned adventurer still has that primal instinct to secure his own place.  He would have been much better off if he had a little bit of common sense.
“Aures… Please just be quiet… ”
“H-how can I be quiet? My, my place is being threatened—!”
Jeana’s quiet attempts at soothing him failed, so Baekho yelled in annoyance.
“No, that’s not what I meant! I’m saying be quiet!  Are you really going to get kicked out?”
“…”
“Ugh, I’m so annoyed.”
Baekho sighed deeply, completely deflated from Aures’ inability to understand the situation.  The textbook monotone was long gone.
“Hey, Baron.”
“I’m listening.”
“Do you know what adventurers are best at?”
I shot him a look, questioning what that had to do with anything, until Baekho stared me in the eyes and opened his mouth.
“Knowing.”
“…”
“Whether they’re in a good position or a bad one, whether the other guy is stronger or they are.”
Thump!  My heart pounded with an ominous feeling, even before he finished his sentence. As usual, my ominous premonition didn’t fail me.
“You need to know that to do it properly.”
“…”
“Do what?”
“Do what?  You know.”
Baekho gestured for everyone to gather around him, including the old man, Rex Aures, and Jeana.  And then…
“Hey, are you going to keep standing there?”
He even snapped at the GM.
“You’ll end up getting caught in the crossfire and dying.”
The genuine aura of danger made the GM hesitate, looking back and forth between me and Baekho.  He seemed conflicted about his decision.
Of course, being an ‘ordinary human,’ it didn’t take him long to decide.  It was impossible for the tank and mage combination to stand against those four.
“I, I’m sorry… ”
The GM felt guilty, apologized to me, and then quickly moved towards Baekho.  I didn’t feel betrayed.
This was never about us being comrades anyway.  Swoosh.
Instead of questioning him, I raised my shield, ready for battle at any moment.  And seeing me like that, Baekho said,
“Don’t be too upset.  To be honest, I’m more disappointed.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s obvious you had a talk with the old man. I don’t care about anything else, but I absolutely have to know what you talked about.”
“…”
“Even if I have to use an adventurer’s methods.”
What the hell does this guy think an adventurer is?  While that thought crossed my mind, I also found myself agreeing with him.
If you’re weak, you’re screwed.  That’s the unwritten rule of this world, as natural as the fact that you need to pay money to buy things.
Thump. Baekho took a step forward, ready to attack at any moment.  But I didn’t back down.  Why would I?
‘I can’t escape.’
If I ran now, where would I go?  My clumsy body wouldn’t get very far even if I tried to escape, and I’d only be caught.
Maybe my decision surprised him?
“Wow, you’re not going to back down here, either?”
Baekho muttered in a surprised tone, but to me, it wasn’t surprising at all.
After all, shields are made to block attacks from the front, not the back.
“You think I can’t kill you, that’s why?”
Well, I hadn’t completely ruled out that possibility.  Baekho wants me to open the Abyssal Gate, so he can’t kill me. But…
“But what can I do? Even if I can’t kill you, there are dozens of ways I can make your life miserable.”
He’s not the type I’d ignore. As he just said, he can make me suffer even if he can’t kill me.
I don’t need to bring up the ‘interrogation’ Bryiet endured.
“For instance, I could take away all your equipment.  Or I could make sure you never get distracted by women again with a little castration surgery.”
Ah, uh…  Castration? I didn’t see that coming.
“…”
Shit, maybe I should just tell him everything.  “Or I could threaten to kill all your comrades when you’re not around—.”
No way.
“Behel—laaaaaaaaaaaa!!!”
I scream, pulling myself together, trying to fight the fear.
“Stop barking.”
Baekho is a wild dog.  If he sees someone weak, he’ll chew them to the bone.  Right, so…
“Enough talk.  Attack me.”
I can’t back down now.
***
Maybe he thought I’d continue to talk, just barking like a dog with a loud voice? Baekho shut his mouth, and silence descended.
“…”