## The Unbreakable  
Silence stretches, a tense stalemate. Had Baekho finally sorted his thoughts? 
"Maybe he has some trump card up his sleeve, hence the audacity... but it doesn't matter. Let's just see how it goes."
"...."
"Let's start by stripping our Baron."
"...?"
"Then we can neutralize him or whatever we need to do." 
With those words, Baekho vanished before my very eyes.
"!"
He moved with a speed that surpassed even my enhanced agility. Yet, the instincts of a warrior who had overcome countless trials caught his attack, prompting me to raise my shield. However...
"PvP, remember? Think that'll cut it?"
My shield, positioned anticipating his fist's trajectory, registered no impact. 
"This is damage negation, you know."
A powerful blow struck me from behind, a location I hadn't anticipated. 
"Only works against shields, you see."
KWA-A-A-A-A-NG-! The force felt like a siege weapon had slammed into me. Before I could even scream, my [Gigantification]-enhanced body lurched forward.
And then... 'Huh?' I was regaining my senses when another blow smashed into my jaw, sending me staggering backwards.
What was that? An uppercut? I couldn't grasp how he managed to pull it off from that angle, but one thing was certain. This time, the damage hit home. 
It made me want to puke my guts out. 
"Ugh..."
"Amazing, right?  This way, I feel like I'm dealing double the damage.  Oh, and this is a bonus effect that wasn't in the game... Hoist!"
I managed to regain my balance and swung my Demon Crusher, but Baekho dodged with infuriating agility, leaping into the air.
"Ah, looks like you're all set."
Suddenly, Baekho retreated, creating distance. And then...
"No ill feelings."
The world around me was engulfed in red.  I looked up, dazed, to see a colossal orb, reminiscent of a blazing sun, hurtling down towards me.
HOO-OO-OO-OO-OO-NG-! The orb was shrouded in an ominous, crimson magic.  Unfortunately, it dwarfed even my [Gigantification]-boosted shield.
Several times larger.  'Complete guard is impossible.' I made a quick judgment. I raised my shield towards the sky, simultaneously activating Dragon Mode.
[Character has activated [Scales of Greed].][Character's Resistance to Magic exceeds 500.][All magic damage received is reduced by 50%.]
Bellarios' active skill, responsible for the 'Resistance to Magic' aspect of the ultimate Barbarian (Final Edition).
The moment I activated it...  BLAZE-! An intense light, consuming even sound, enveloped me. And then...  CHIII-IIII-IIII-K-!  
Smoke erupted, like opening a boiling pot's lid, from the scales covering my skin. It was hot, scorching, and painful. But...
"Wow, he's taking that like a champ."
It wasn't a fatal injury, not when I managed to shield my vital areas with my shield.
"Our Baron really turned into a monster."
He gawked at me, marveling at my resilience. But his awe was short-lived. Baekho closed the distance, launching a barrage of attacks like a swarm of flies.
KWA-A-NG! KWA-A-NG! He threw a series of heavy jabs, interspersed with powerful strikes.  KWA-A-A-A-A-ANG-!
The curse magic of Ruin, the various debuffs cast by Jeina, all enveloped me.  HOO-OO-OO-OO-OO-NG-!  
Ruin's spells, those that couldn't be blocked by my shield, rained down intermittently.  But...  POOF-! Baekho, who'd been pummeling me like a dog on a hot day, tilted his head in confusion.
"What's this? My strikes aren't even landing anymore?"
Of course, it was because the Shield Barbarian gets tougher the more he's hit. 
[Physical Resistance increases proportional to absorbed magic damage.][Character's Physical Resistance exceeds 750.][All Physical damage received is halved.] 
Not only had my [Evolutionary Skin] reached level 3, but…
[Character has activated [Iron Fortress].][The effect of [Evolutionary Skin] increases by 1.5 times.] 
I was going to activate this too.
POCK-! His ordinary attacks were a mere tickle compared to before. That was why I could face a 4 to 1 numerical disadvantage with such bravado.
'He can't use his ultimate skills here.'  Like [Star Extinction].  Or 'that one' I used to take down Briet in the Golden Ruins.
I couldn't carelessly use them with allies around.  Or, to put it another way, if I didn't have allies, I could use those moves without hesitation...
"Well, looks like I don't need to worry anymore. Baron, let's get serious now. Hey! You guys, fall back!"
In a way, it was similar to how Baekho had fought intelligently before, understanding my shield's characteristics.  'Does he think I'm a stupid monster?'
I, too, knew exactly what was going on. I wasn't going to wait for him to create distance.
"BEHEL—RAAAAAAAA!!!"
I roared, charging toward the rear guard as they retreated.  After all, I'd been taking hits all day.
"AUREUS!!"
It was about time I landed a hit, wasn't it?  THUD! 
As I charged, Rex Aureus, waiting in the rear guard, raised his shield, blocking my path.  
Tank versus tank.  Usually, this resulted in neither dealing critical damage, leading to a drawn-out battle.  But...
"Don't worry!  I'll protect Ruin—."
What's he saying?  Does he think I'm a pure tank like him?  
No. 87, Craw's Demon Crusher.  No. 687, Siege Butcher.  And on top of that, the Ogre's [Swing].
These attacks were practically normal attacks now.  After all, I recently acquired a new ultimate skill.  [Character has activated [Aegis' Dragon Armor].] 
The damage I'd accumulated from Baekho's regular attacks and Ruin's spells.  [Reflects accumulated damage.]  This was enough.  
No. ????, Aegis' Dragon Armor.  This item's active effect was rather spectacular.  Or, to be precise…
'It always makes me feel majestic.'  Its effect was more 'overwhelming' than any other ability or equipment I possessed.
Like this.  SWOOSH-OO-OO-OO-OO-OO-OSH-! A spectral warrior, summoned behind me, swung a colossal greatsword, capable of toppling a fortress in one blow. 
The target was the Necromancer, Ruin.  Jeina, the priestess, was secondary. I thought that if I could get rid of this old man, the fight would be much more manageable.
The only problem was Rex Aureus, guarding Ruin... 'Hmm, maybe it's not really a problem?'
Indeed, the situation unfolded exactly as I expected.
Rex Aureus stood before Ruin, holding his massive shield, as a thick barrier of magic, dozens of layers thick, formed above him.
'A tank protecting the mage, and a mage using spells to protect the tank…'
It sounds rather romantic when you hear it.  But… 'They're full of crap.'  No matter what they do, nothing will change.
Because, let's be honest, even if they combined their powers, how would they block it? They couldn't block it during the experiments, either.  KWA-ZII-ZII-ZIIK-!!
The magic barrier, created by the top-tier mage, was shredded like paper. One layer, two, three, four...  No matter how many layers they stacked, it wouldn't matter. 
Because the merciless warrior's greatsword wouldn't give them a second thought.  KWA-ZII-ZII-ZIIK-!
The greatsword swung relentlessly, smashing through the final barrier and sending Rex Aureus flying.
"COUGH!"
Alright, tank is down.  POCK-!  Baekho was still diligently hitting me from behind, but I just ignored him.
'The GM's watching, but...'
The priestess has no way to stop me, as long as she can't offer sacrifices outside the walls. 
So, all I had left to do was to destroy the Necromancer, who'd used up all his defensive spells...
"..."
And then, a variable I hadn't predicted emerged.  Surprisingly, it was a 'positive' variable for me. At first, I didn't understand, but...
"Why…  why won't it disappear?"
The spectral warrior summoned by Aegis' Dragon Armor struck once, yet it didn't fade.  No, not only did it not fade, but...
SWOOSH. It sheathed the greatsword it had swung and readied itself for another attack.  Somehow, those brief moments felt like slow motion, crisp and clear.
"Uh oh... ?"
Baekho, forgetting to even guard himself, stared with a dumbfounded expression.
"!"
Jeina looked worried. The GM's eyes widened in disbelief.  And…
"This is trouble."
Even Ruin, the Necromancer, hurriedly began chanting a spell. 
With all the information I could gather through my senses flooding my brain, I instinctively understood what was going on.  [As you take damage, it stacks, and based on that stack, you deal physical damage in stages.] 
Due to the limitations of the experiments, we'd only been able to observe Aegis' Dragon Armor's effects up to level 4.  So, we didn't know how many stages there were.
But... 
[Accumulated damage has surpassed a certain threshold.][Effect is activated once more.]  It was a follow-up attack.
'Does the higher stage have additional effects?'  It was a reasonable assumption, but I wouldn't get my hopes up too high.  
Because, even as it was, it was more than enough.  'Aegis' Dragon Armor' was worthy of the title of Single Number.
KWA-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-NG-!!!  Time, which had slowed, sped up drastically as the spectral warrior's greatsword aimed for Ruin.  And in that moment...
"..."
Ruin's chant finally completed, a crimson curtain of magic enveloped him in the form of a sphere.
'That's too ominous to be just for protection.'  It was a move I'd never seen before.  'It looks like one of Ruin's hidden cards…'  Well, I'll know what it does soon—
"...Huh?"
As I was eagerly observing the situation, I couldn't help but widen my eyes in shock.  This was a situation I hadn't anticipated.
The barrier would be shattered, or the greatsword would be deflected.  None of those would've been that surprising.  But...  HOO-OO-OO-NG-!
The greatsword vanished the instant it touched the barrier.  Or, to be precise, it was more like it was sucked in. 
As if the sphere were a gateway to another world.  'That's practically an invincibility skill... ?'
Considering how short its casting time was, it was nothing short of an absurd skill.  
However, I wouldn't let myself feel wronged. Just like I'd pulled a cheat with Aegis' Dragon Armor, this old man having a hidden card like this wasn't unusual either.
'Besides, it doesn't seem to be costless.'  In movies, great power comes with responsibility.  
In the world we live in, great power requires an equivalent price.  Just like how Ruin was gasping for breath right now. 
"HOO… HOO…"
Ruin, breathing heavily, seemed as if he'd used up all his future energy.  Watching his white hair plastered to his sweaty skin, he looked like he could die at any moment.
'Had I ever seen this old man pushed this far before?'  I wondered, and it felt so surreal.  But, now wasn't the time to watch.
The barrier had just dissipated.  THUD!  I accelerated my run, closing the distance between Ruin and me.
And just as I was about to swing my hammer...  HOO-OO-OO-NG-!  My hammer swung through empty air.
It was so unbelievable, I needed time to grasp what was happening.  '...He dodged?'
Ruin had evaded my strike.  No matter how low my agility was, it was impossible for a mage to dodge that.
It wasn't just a fluke, either.  HOO-OO-OO-NG-!  Ruin's movements, dodging my subsequent blows, were as smooth as a graceful martial art technique, enough to leave me flustered. 
"You didn't know, did you?"
"..."
"Magic is a discipline that developed amidst war.  Therefore, ancient mages all trained in close-combat martial arts, to protect themselves even in a chaotic battle."
What the hell.  If mages know martial arts too, what are we supposed to do?  I thought, and was about to close the distance when...
THUD.  Ruin, who I'd expected to create distance, moved towards me, extending his hand.  And then...  POCK!  The moment his hand touched my belly...  POO-OO-NG-!
I felt an explosion from within.  I hadn't felt any chanting or a strong flow of magic, yet…
"COUGH!"
What was that?  It pierced through even my enhanced Resistance to Magic, activated with Dragon Mode?  '...This easily?'  I was stunned for a moment, but quickly figured out what was going on.
I'd just momentarily forgotten, but it was a technique I knew. 
[You'd know this trick, wouldn't you?  Our bodies weren't touching, remember?  He used that moment to connect a circuit, using your body as the medium to complete his magic.] 
[Ah, so that's why my Resistance didn't work.]  I still don't fully understand the principle, but one thing's for sure.  Ruin had dealt damage by completely ignoring 'Resistance to Magic' during his fight with Baekho.
'Alright, so mages aren't easy in close combat either, are they?'  Blood was trickling down my throat, but it wasn't a major incident.
Still, I decided that I needed some time to recover, so I created distance.
'It's a shame I couldn't finish him off with that stack...'  But it wasn't urgent.  Rex Aureus was already out of the fight, wasn't he?
"Aureus..."
He's alive, so he'll probably be back soon after getting healed.
'I should've taken one down in the first round...'  The situation was not good.  And as if he knew it, Baekho paused his attacks and addressed me.
"See?  No matter what you do, you're not going to win."
He was getting cocky.  As if it was already over.
"So just stop here, alright?  You can just tell me.  What did you talk about with that old man?  It's not like it's anyone else, just tell me, okay?  Then we'll end this.  Right?"
I smirked at Baekho, acting as if he'd already won.
"You're taking your time with the explanation..."
"..."
"Maybe you're tired?"
I'm not tired yet.  [Character has activated [Soul Dive].][Soul power regenerates proportional to consumed Soul power.]
Whether it's a street fight, a fight in the ring, in the jungle, in the sea, or in any other world.  There's one truth that remains constant. 
"BEHEL—RAAAAAAAAA!!!"
The one who stands at the end is the victor.*** 
One minute, two, three... The fight continues.  Ten, twenty, thirty... Rolling on the ground, spitting blood.  One hour, two, three...
I'd pass out, only to wake up with a burning pain, like I was being set on fire.  Four hours.  Or maybe even more.
It passed by as slowly as my teenage years, yet at the same time, so quickly.
"HUU… HUU… HUU…"
Not just me, hot breath echoed from all over.
"Baron… I… I can't go on anymore…"  Rex Aureus, who'd fallen back and returned several times, begged me, guarding the Necromancer.
"You're reaching your limit too, Baron…"
Well, usually the one saying that was the one who was actually at his limit.  Jeina, seeing me from afar, muttered. 
"…. Monster."
A short, weary sigh.
"AH… HA…"
Baekho, who'd been facing me, wiped the sweat from his brow and spoke.
"You really did have some trump cards. I didn't think it would be yourself, though."
He was still grinning as if he found it amusing, even in this situation.
"But we're almost there, aren't we?"
He seemed to find my newfound power rather satisfying.