## Chapter 696:  The Price of Loyalty
“It’s a shame she’s lost control, but… our Baron has such obvious weaknesses.”
The words were becoming familiar. It no longer made me see red. In fact, I barely heard them anymore. My heart hammered against my eardrums –  a relentless drumbeat of blood and sweat. My vision was clouded, my skin burning like it had been roasted. 
“Kh, kh……”
I laughed, a hollow sound without meaning. It wasn’t a laugh of amusement, but a laugh born simply from the overwhelming sensations flooding my body. 
“It’s what that Febrosk fellow wrote in his book.  Warriors laugh when they’re in pain, right?”
The Demolisher’s words drew a confused frown from Baekho.
“What kind of nonsense is that?”
“It was something that friend said once. Apparently, it’s quite famous among explorers. You didn’t know?”
“How would I know?”
Baekho scoffed, spitting a mouthful of blood-tinged saliva.
“Anyway, Baron must be in a lot of pain then, huh?”
The determination in his eyes as he looked at me sent a chill down my spine.  It was bad news.  I was barely standing, let alone fighting.
“Kh, kh……”
But what could I do? I had to keep going as long as I could. There are times in life when you need to charge forward even knowing the outcome.
“Hey, Gramps.  You ready?”
“Yes, it’s finished.”
“Alright then, let’s end this.”
I wasn’t sure what preparation he was talking about, but it seemed he had some kind of secret weapon up his sleeve.  
Shwaaa!
A massive magic circle formed, radiating from where the Demolisher stood. It was clearly nothing ordinary.
For the first time in a long while, a tremor of fear ran through me.  ‘If I can’t stop it, I’ll just have to run…’ I forced my eyes open and looked ahead, bracing for the inevitable.
Kwak!
Suddenly, a watermelon splitting sound echoed, and the magic circle illuminating the ground lost its glow. What was happening?
My eyes darted around to find the source of the disturbance. Two images captured my attention.
“!”
The Demolisher, flung through the air as if struck by something unseen.  And…….
[Amelia Rainwells has cast [Suragak].]
What? How did she get here?  I was so tired I must be hallucinating, I thought.  Just then, Amelia spoke, her words aimed not at me but at Baekho. 
“Captain, should I kill them all?”
I blinked, dumbfounded.  I nodded without thinking.
“Yes.”
I may have nodded, but that didn’t mean I wasn’t surprised. Amelia Rainwells, my true comrade, the one who was supposed to be safe within the walls.  I had been worried sick about her, unable to communicate and stuck in a loop for months.
Relief and confusion washed over me. How was she here? ‘Did she come looking for me because I wasn’t coming back…?’
Well, she probably did. Amelia was the kind of person who would search high and low, determined to find me and make sure I wasn’t causing trouble again.  She was the most reliable person I knew when it came to that.
“…Kill? You alone against all of us?”
Baekho, initially taken aback by Amelia’s arrival, had regained his composure and sneered.  Then, he turned to Aoures.
“Aoures! You stick with Gramps! I’ll handle this one.”
“Y, yes sir!”
Aoures sprinted towards the Demolisher, following Baekho’s orders.  But Amelia merely chuckled. 
“I don’t think I ever said it.”
“……”
“Alone.”
Her whisper drew everyone’s attention to the cave entrance where the hidden teleportation circle was located.   A flash of light erupted from within the dark depths.
Bzzzt!
It wasn’t an ordinary iron arrow, but light.  More precisely, a ‘Spirit Arrow’ forged using the power of spirits.  
“Whuung!”
I didn’t even need to see who had shot it.
[Erwen Fornachi Di Tercia has cast [Rupture].]
The arrow, traveling at impossible speeds, aimed at the Demolisher who was still dazed.   It struck its target.
“Thud.”
Aoures, who was rushing towards the Demolisher, threw himself in front of the arrow, deflecting it.   Then…….
Kwaaang!
The arrow exploded, tearing through the flesh of his left arm.  Blood and mangled flesh sprayed across the ground.  
“Tutuduk, tutuduk.”
“…Looks like the Ear-bender came too, huh?”
Time seemed to freeze as everyone stopped in their tracks.  The source of the arrow, the cave entrance, was the first to move.  One by one, my comrades emerged from the darkness.
“Belveb Ruinzenes……”
Erwen’s eyes burned with malice.
“Bjornn!!! Should we wipe them all out?”
Einar’s face was flushed with excitement.
“Calm down.  These are not to be underestimated.”
Bersil seemed tense.
“Again… you’re alone…?”
Misha’s worried gaze fell on my injured form.  ‘Aouyen is here too.’ And that wasn’t all.
“That one is nowhere to be seen.  They say he’s a good archer.”
“This is outside the walls……”
“Thank goodness.  We were able to find our missing Captain right after we came out.”
“Yes.  It seemed like an urgent situation as well.”
It wasn’t just the original members of the Anabad Clan.  There was James Cara, Sven Parav, Meland Kaislan, and Lilis Marone.  Elite members who joined through the Ice Rock Expedition, more recently.
‘Now that I look at it, our Clan has grown quite a bit……’
It was more than enough to turn the tide completely.  A sense of security welled up within me, but Baekho’s eyes burned with annoyance.
“…….You’re all here?!”
I saw it the moment his eyes fell on them, the instinctual response of a seasoned explorer. The very thing Baekho had mentioned earlier. 
“Yurven Havelion.”
I called out the name of the opportunist who had maintained his spectator position, waiting for the right moment to jump in, hoping to feel it more clearly.
“…Yes?”
He was a former mage, wasn’t he?  Why was he so frozen? The situation had completely changed!
“Are you going to stay there?”
“……”
“You might get caught in the crossfire and die.”
“Y, yes…! ”
I repeated the exact words Baekho had used earlier.  The GM, finally snapping out of his daze, scurried over to us.  ‘This guy is really funny.  
He was acting so innocent, but he was a real fox.  ‘Well, I guess it’s understandable from his point of view?’  Honestly, neither Baekho nor I were his comrades.
I mean, I wouldn’t feel betrayed if he kept jumping around.
“…….I, I’m sorry.”
“Fine.  Get out of here.”
“Yes…….”
Baekho didn’t stop the GM.  He couldn’t even fathom trying.
“Whoa, we have so many members…  This is enough to take on Orculis and not lose!”
He tried to sound casual, but I could see through his facade.  Baekho was completely caught off guard.
‘I guess he has every right to be.’  The Demolisher, who had flown through the air after being hit by Amelia’s kick, couldn’t even stand straight.
“……”
The tank, Rex Aoures, had lost an arm.  The healer, Jeina Flyer, had barely any MP left, and…….
“I need to heal them…  .”
“I’m alright.  Don’t provoke them.”
“……”
They were outnumbered and couldn’t even think about using healing magic. 
“Aha, ha… This is getting tricky……”
“……”
“Baron, how about… a draw?”
What the hell is wrong with this guy? I laughed incredulously and looked at a particular part of Baekho’s body.
“Did you say ‘neutralization’?”
“There, Baron?”
“Well, I have a hammer, so I can handle it somehow.”
“Th, that… how about we try to settle this peacefully?”
I ignored him and took a step closer, Baekho let out a sigh of frustration.
“Ugh… Why can’t anything ever go right for me? How could they show up at this time?”
He had a point.  This wasn’t just any place, it was outside the walls. I got lucky, I admit.  But…….
‘Looking at him, I don’t think it’s just luck.’  I had been observing Baekho’s team from the inside, and a thought suddenly struck me.
What if Baekho had been in my shoes?  Would he have had any comrades willing to come looking for him outside the walls? ‘I don’t think so.’
Thinking about it, this moment didn’t feel like mere luck anymore.  I needed to emphasize this.
“Bjornn!!! When are we finally going to fight?”
Zero and one are different. *** Baekho’s team was cornered.  Of course, I don’t think I can capture him here. 
‘If he sets his mind to it, he can escape. No chance of catching him.’  But it was still an opportunity, nonetheless.  
Rex Aoures, Jeina Flyer, Baekho’s hand-picked team members.  Besides capturing them, I might even be able to…….
“My sister’s enemy……”
Maybe, just maybe, I could finally get my revenge for that day.  I took another step forward.  Baekho, with a forced smile and an apologetic tone, tried to reason with me.
“Ha, ha, Baron? Stop coming closer, let’s just talk for a bit, okay?”
“Nope, I don’t want to hear it.  I don’t even care what you did with that old geezer.”
“Ah, come on… Okay, I’ll pay you off! That’s what you do in these situations, right? How much do you want? I’ll do my best to meet your demands!”
“…Are you really going to make me bleed? Between us? Huh?”
I ignored him and kept walking, Baekho’s face hardened.   He stopped trying to talk to me.  He only spoke once I was standing in front of him, his voice a low murmur, as if he were lying about his earlier attempt at appeasement.
“Baron.”
“……”
“Are you really going to see this through?”
His voice was a familiar, threatening tone.
“You may not care, Baron, but the rest of them will die.”
He didn’t need to explain. I understood.  [Star’s Extinction], Baekho’s ultimate skill.
He was treating it like a modern nuclear weapon.  A kind of chicken game, you could call it.  If he was going to go down with the ship, then I’d be in trouble too.  I wasn’t alone here.
“……”
My voice failed me, and a cruel smile twisted Baekho’s lips.
“I thought so. You have a soft heart, don’t you?  For someone who looks like that.”
My weakness, my Achilles’ heel, the one thing Baekho always brought up but never corrected.  He took a step forward, aiming it at me.
“Baron, let me give you a piece of advice.”
Why did everyone feel the need to give me advice?
“The one with more to lose will never beat me.”
He spoke directly into my eyes. 
“I can let go of it all.”
I could have said something, but Baekho was the one saying this.  He would do it.
He would sacrifice the Demolisher, Jeina, Rex Aoures, everyone. For his own goals, he wouldn’t bat an eye. Yes, that’s why…….
“!”
I lunged at Baekho, who had recklessly closed the gap, and shot out my hand.  
“Kwak!”
He grabbed my collar, but his expression remained unfazed.  He thought I couldn’t hurt him.
“Go ahead.”
“……?”
“Go ahead and do whatever you want.”
He furrowed his brow, not understanding. What’s so hard to understand?  Baekho seemed to think I was an idiot.  
Losing someone precious.  It’s terrifying, it’s horrible, it constricts your chest until you feel like you’ll go mad.  But precisely because of that.  
“Kwak!”
I yanked on his collar, slamming my forehead against his. 
A bone-rattling sound echoed throughout the space, but Baekho didn’t even whimper.  Instead, he asked.
“…What’s the meaning of this?”
Really?  He didn’t know?  How stupid did he think I was?  “Kwak!”  I slammed my forehead into his again, this time a little harder out of frustration.  
“…Are you serious?”
I told you earlier.  “Kwak!!!”  The sound was even louder this time, and blood trickled down Baekho’s forehead.  
“Are you really okay with your comrades dying?”