##  The Hero's Burden
“Anyway, what happened with him?”
The question, asked once more, made me hesitate. Was it right to tell her what I had seen in the records? It wasn’t like I could change anything anyway. 
I thought it might just upset her, so I initially couldn’t bring myself to speak. However, it didn’t take long for my resolve to change. 
You see, there was one thing I learned from observing Lee Baek-ho.
“Amelia, there’s something you need to hear.”
There’s no need to carry the weight of the world alone.
In the end, I told Amelia. I told her about the ‘records’ Auril Gaviss had shown me.
[An Evil Spirit from another world, ‘————’, having lost three comrades, finally realized the path he must follow.]
A future where I lose three comrades.  Amelia didn’t question the absolute nature of the ‘records’ after hearing this story.
She had experienced it firsthand, after all. She had travelled back in time, putting in countless hours and enduring hardships to change the course of history.
“It would be… difficult to twist it like that.”
It was the first thing Amelia said after a moment of silence, as if she were organizing her thoughts.
“I agree. To use that method, I would have to deceive myself. I’m not a clueless child anymore.”
I nodded in agreement. Amelia mumbled quietly.
“….Though I wasn’t a clueless child back then.”
What’s that supposed to mean? While she was sharp for her age, she really was a clueless kid compared to now.
I chuckled as I recalled Amelia’s adorable baby days, but Amelia, with a serious expression, asked a question.
“But is the future record confirmed?”
“What do you mean?”
“Because you said the exact time wasn’t mentioned. I thought it could be a record of something that already happened.”
Oh? "Riol Warb Dwalki. Starting with that mage, haven’t we lost many comrades?  Of course, if you added all of them up, it wouldn’t be a mere three fingers… 
Perhaps it refers to the three people who had the greatest impact on you. 
It was a plausible hypothesis. If not for Auril Gaviss’s words. [From the way it’s recorded on the record stone, this is undoubtedly an event.]
In simple terms, it means three people will die in an ‘event’, not one by one.  Of course, this is simply based on the pattern so far.
I don't think there’s a 100% certainty in this world. But considering it was said by an old man who collected hundreds of shard stones, it wasn’t easy to ignore.
Amelia seemed to have thought the same. 
“…Then it’s likely that this record hasn’t happened yet.”
Amelia, once more plunged into deep thought with a serious gaze, continued to offer various speculations. Of them all, this one was the most novel.
“It’s definitely… written that we will lose, right? If it’s like that, there’s room for interpretation.”
The possibility of losing comrades in a metaphorical sense. This means no one would actually die in the end….
‘How nice it would be if that happened….’ No matter how much I desperately try to hope, the ominous feeling doesn’t disappear from my mind.
Numerous past experiences are already telling me the answer in the form of intuition. That it couldn’t be like that. That ominous feelings always come true.
“…Yandel?”
“Ah, sorry. I was lost in thought. Thank you for your input. They all make sense. But, even so, it’s better to assume the worst than the best.”
“You mean we should prepare countermeasures, assuming that three people will die.”
“Yes. Though I don’t know if we can come up with anything.”
Amelia said nothing in response to my negative, resigned tone. How could we? No matter how hard we struggle and what we do, the ‘record’ will eventually—.
Puck! Amelia gave me a light tap on my forehead. It didn’t hurt, in fact, I wondered if her finger was more likely to hurt.
‘Why did she hit me all of a sudden?’  I looked down, confused, and saw Amelia with a slightly angry expression.
“Why are you giving up already?”
“…Huh?”
“Bjorn Yandel, weren’t you the one.”
“…….”
“When even I gave up on myself. The one who didn’t give up until the very last moment, desperately finding a solution.”
Amelia grabbed my shoulder and drew closer. And then….
“So stop making that face, Bjorn Yandel. You’re a hero who can do anything, you, the clueless little kid.”
The moment I heard those words, my body trembled for some reason. It was a strange sensation.
People in the city call me a hero, and whenever they have a problem, they silently expect things from me. It always felt burdensome.
“…….”
The word ‘hero’ doesn’t feel burdensome today. Though it does feel incredibly awkward.
I know I’m not a hero. I know it better than anyone.
“…….”
But. Even so. Something. I can’t explain it well with my limited vocabulary.  Thump! A feeling like I can achieve anything. 
“…….”
A feeling that it’s okay to do anything. Sadly, that feeling didn’t last long.
“Um… Sir…? Are you awake…?”
“……Ahem!”
Oh, that was close. 
***
Amelia and I were interrupted when Erwin, and then the rest of the team, woke up one after another. In the end, I didn’t even get to bring up the second record.
[·········On the day the fields burned, this········· ··· Evil Spirit ‘————’ betrayed his······ comrades.]
The record that made me interpret the day the Imperial City, Carnon, burned, that I would be betrayed by a comrade I trusted.
‘…Maybe it’s better if I just keep this to myself?’ I couldn’t bring myself to say it today, the timing wasn’t right.  But maybe it’s better if I just keep this to myself. 
I don’t even know if my interpretation is right…. ‘Even if it is, can it be changed?’ It seems harder than the former. 
Even if I knew who would betray me, what could I do? No matter how nice I was to them, no matter how much I tried to convince them, they wouldn’t change their minds. 
If it were that easy, it wouldn’t be a ‘record’ in the first place. ‘Their heads will be spinning just from what I already told them, I don’t need to add to it.’
The timing wasn’t right to bring it up now, so I decided to take my time and consider whether or not to be honest with them. 
After all, every situation has priorities.
“I ended up waking everyone up.”
Thanks to Erwin waking up and discovering me, by the time I came to my senses, all my sleeping comrades were awake.
“Bjoooornnn—!!!”
“Yes, yes Ainar. I’m glad to see you too.”
“Are you okay? You were sleeping like the dead, without a snore, and we were all so worried.”
“I’m fine now. I was just tired, don’t worry, Kaislan.”
“It’s a relief to see you safe, Captain. The ladies… No, everyone was worried about you, Captain.”
“But, Auyen, you seem to have gained some weight.”
“I, is that so? I’m sorry… ”
“What’s there to be sorry about? You look much better now. Keep eating well.”
“Yes!”
We greeted each other one by one, exchanging pleasantries.  But I had to get everyone quiet.
Even with close friends, you need to be clear about certain things. I addressed all the members of our Anabada Clan.
“First of all, I’m so sorry! I’m truly sorry for dragging you out here, outside the dangerous city walls because of me!”
The sincere apology made Kaislan, the explorer who had been a knight, chuckle.
“What’s there to be sorry for? We’re all explorers.”
“Of course, we would jump at the chance to explore beyond the city walls.”
James Kara chimed in smoothly, echoing Kaislan’s words. Both of them are former commanders of an organization, aren’t they?
They know how to soften the mood with the right words. Well, I still have to say what I have to say.
“And thank you! If it weren’t for you, things could have been really dangerous. Thanks to you, I’m alive!”
As I bowed, laughter erupted around me. Huh, they’re not making fun of me, are they…?
“…Why are you laughing?”
In response to my question, Lyris Marone shrugged.
“Because, for someone who said they were alive thanks to us, the faces of the enemies we saw were a sight to behold.”
“That’s right! Everyone was on the verge of death, weren’t they?”
“I heard from the mage that we fought for over a few hours… .”
“Bjorn is the invincible, the strongest, the greatest warrior of all!!!”
…Maybe it’s because we haven’t seen each other in a while? It’s nice to have my comrades praising me, though it does feel a bit awkward.
“Everyone, pay attention! I’m not done yet!”
I got everyone quiet again.  Bersil spoke to me on behalf of the others.
“You can stop, there’s nothing to apologize or thank you for. It was inevitable.”
Well… I appreciate her saying that.
“I’m not here to apologize or thank you.”
I already said that, didn’t I? What’s the point of saying it again?
“Huh? Then……. Are you going to hold a meeting about what’s next?”
Well, I do need to do that.
“Wrong.”
I don’t plan to start the meeting right now. Why? Because these are the people who came looking for me, outside the dangerous city walls, right?  It’s not appropriate to brush it off with a few words.
“Then what are you going to do… ?”
“Settle the loot.”
“……?”
“Didn’t we get a lot of stuff this time! And we got all sorts of other things, too! I’ll lay everything out, so if you need anything, just ask!!”
Using things sparingly, sharing things, exchanging things, reusing things. 
That is the spirit of our Clan.
***
The loot settlement turned out to be longer than I expected. It was because most of the loot we got this time was tangible items, and… 
“I have some items I don’t use anymore. I’d like to donate them to the clan. If anyone needs them, please feel free to use them… .”
“Oh? Me too!”
“I have a few things too… .”
Not only did we get items this time, but each member of the team also started pulling out unused items, and the scale of the loot settlement grew bigger.
It felt like a small market when we got everything laid out.
“It’s strange… .”
“What’s strange?”
“Just this, everything. What clan in this world has its members so readily giving up their own possessions? These are all valuable items you could sell for a high price.”
Hmm… That’s true. I’ve never lived in a clan, so I don’t really know, but Bersil has been in a big clan for a long time, so it must seem strange to her.
“Oh, I guess it’s because our Captain is unique?”
“What are you talking about? Go and see if you need anything.”
“I was planning to do just that.”
After Bersil joined the ‘market’, choosing items, I watched my comrades from a distance.
“So, what are we doing now?”
Amelia, whose conversation with me had been cut short when Erwin woke up, approached me and spoke again.
“Well, you should check out the items too.”
“Do you think I can even look at them after hearing all of that?”
Well, I guess that’s true. 
“Do you have any idea what’s going on?  If three people are going to die, it’s not going to be a normal situation.  Unlike you, I don’t know much about the outside world yet.”
Fortunately, or unfortunately, I did have something that came to mind as soon as I heard that question.
[It’s a truly terrifying monster.] What Lee Baek-ho had said, the monster that appeared outside the city walls. 
[I don’t think it has a habitat. It appeared no matter where I went. Every time it appeared, thousands of people would die without being able to do anything….]
Besides its terrifying nature, there’s only one thing I know about that monster.
The more people are around, and the longer we stay outside the city walls, the higher the chance of encountering it.
Swoosh-swoosh-swoosh- Like a Tiered Lord that appears when the conditions are met.
The ‘Anabada Market’, which opened in the middle of the night, lasted much longer than I expected, and it wasn’t until morning that it finally ended.
‘This isn’t a bad way to do things.’
While the entire clan didn’t get core items or anything like that, all of the members were able to upgrade at least one or two pieces of equipment.
‘Just by holding this market, the clan’s power increased by about 5%….’ I was a little hesitant at first, because it felt like a free-for-all, but I’m glad I went with this approach.
I think we can do this again someday.
“Hmm… It’s a unique way to distribute, but I like it.”
“It’s fun, isn’t it? This idea of sharing things each other needs. It feels like it makes us closer.”
“It could become a tradition unique to our clan.”
Seeing that everyone was pleased, I think we can continue to hold Anabada Markets in the future.
Well, I have to keep in mind the advice of James Kara, the deputy leader of a large clan.
“But we should be careful if it gets bigger. Right now, we’re only taking things we need, but who knows, maybe one day someone greedy will show up.”
I’m only aware of it, I’m not really worried about it yet. I’m not so easy to intimidate, and….
I don’t think I’ll ever have to deal with such people. 
“Alright! You might be tired, but gather around!”
We were all awake in the middle of the night and stayed up until morning.  But that’s normal for explorers. It’s daytime now, so we’ll start the next schedule.
“There’s something we need to discuss together!”
It’s a kind of leadership meeting. Of course, our Anabada Clan is small, so there’s no real leadership.
“As you all know, the magic circle that allows us to return to the city walls is damaged.”
Anyway, before starting the actual meeting, I had a briefing session for the members about the current situation.
The magic circle being damaged. The characteristics of the monsters that exist outside the city walls. 
And the existence of that ‘monster’ that made the Noirke clan, who had left for the vast world, return to the city willingly.
I was explaining everything we needed to know when it naturally came up that GM could fix the return magic circle if we had the materials….