## Chapter 705: The Call to Arms
It was a rushed statement, but the gist was clear.  It was dangerous everywhere, inside or outside the walls.  In other words, it was a red alert situation.  My heart thumped.  What was about to happen?  Or rather, what was I supposed to do if there was no right answer?  Frustration boiled within me, but I found myself passively accepting the situation. 
"Well, that's just my fate, I guess."
There was no way to escape this.  I had planned to wait outside the walls and then, if the Tier Lord didn't appear beforehand, simply stay outside and weather the storm.  But this wasn't the kind of storm you could simply wait out.
"A, Ah… Ah…!"
Sven Parav, trembling uncontrollably and on the verge of a seizure, made me steel myself.
"Jandel… this isn't the time! Get out here!"
Storm, lightning, flood, or whatever other hell imaginable, come what may.
"Something is approaching…  Mr. Parav! Are you alright?"
Let it come.  I will not yield.  Not ever.
"Captain! Your orders…!"
Kaislan, who had finally tracked me down, came into the tent demanding my instructions.
"Please see to Sven Parav. He's clearly not in a condition to move on his own."
"As you command."
As I stepped outside, I saw the members of our clan ready to depart, their preparations complete.
"Emily, what have you found out?"
"We're detecting a massive magical energy reaction beyond the wall.  The magical wavelength is similar to that of beasts, but I can't be sure."
"Why?"
"The wavelength is too powerful for a beast.  Even a Tier 1 beast wouldn't emit something like that."
"I see..."
"It's rapidly approaching our position, so we need to make a decision."
Yes, I know. 
"..."
I looked over the members awaiting my decision.  As always, this moment felt like an immense burden.  I couldn't be sure which choice was right or wrong, but I had to choose.  My decision would determine the fate of those who followed me.
“…We'll move into the cave first.  We'll activate the portal and be ready to return to the city at any moment.”
As soon as the decision was made, the entire clan swiftly formed a moving line and sprinted into the cave.  The distance narrowed as rapidly as our pace.  Soon, the restored return magic circle came into view.  The GM, following my orders, activated the circle. 
'Three minutes.'  We were well-prepared, so it wouldn't take more than three minutes for the portal to open.  But…  
"It's getting closer… It's getting much closer!"
Lilith Marone, who had set up magical detection radar around the encampment, shouted in alarm.
"..."
"..."
The elite explorers, honed by countless trials, their survival instincts sharpened to a razor's edge, held their breaths, ready for combat.
And then, in what felt like an eternity, each second stretched to an agonizing length…
"It's done!"
The moment the magic circle pulsed with light and a portal of radiant energy opened before us, a hushed voice echoed from within the cave.
"It's here..."
There were no more words after that.  Everyone held their breath, gazing straight ahead, their ears tuned to the faintest sound.
"Click, click. " The sound of chains dragging on the ground.  "Thud, thud…"  Not the sound of footsteps, but of countless eyes blinking.  "Wiiiine… " A sound like the cries of tortured souls, swirling around the creature, echoing with its steps.  And then… 
“…Jandel, we must not fight that thing."
Even without Amelia's advice, whose [Danger Detection] allowed her to gauge the threat posed by a beast, or Sven Parav, who had gone pale with fear, I instinctively understood.  This was the 'monster'. And…
Thump, thump, thump, thump-! It was dangerous.  More dangerous than anything we had faced before.
“Ha……”
But, thanks to this, I could finally toss away the last of my hesitation.  I had debated whether to stay and fight, rather than returning to the city, but I had finally made a decision.  No, I was abandoning that thought. 
“Everyone, board the portal! Return to the city!”
The GM, standing at the front of the portal, was the first to step through, followed by the rest of us, one by one.
"Are we all getting in...?"
Misha looked worried.
"Father, I want to go with you."
Erwen insisted.
"Bjorn… Can't we just fight it?  We might get something valuable if we catch it..."
Even Einar, still oblivious to the true danger, spoke up.
“What are you all doing?  Hurry up and get on the portal!”
Finally, my voice rose in annoyance, and Erwen and Einar rushed towards the portal.  The problem, however, was…
[Caa-aa-aa-aa-aa-a-a-a-aa-aa-aa-k—!!!]
Had my shout agitated it?  The creature, who had been slowly approaching, suddenly burst into a sprint towards us.
But, to make matters worse…
"A, Ah… No! I won't go! I don't want to! I don't want to...!"
Sven Parav began to thrash around at the front of the portal, as if he was having a panic attack.
“It's, it's death if you go there! I, I won't go! I won't go…"
“What are you talking about?  Do you want to be left here alone?”
“A, Ah… Ah! Ah-aa-ak!!”
"Damn it! What is with this strength…!"
Even Kaislan, who had the strength of a knight, had trouble forcing Sven Parav out of the tent.
"That's it, Kaislan! You go first!"
"But..."
“Don't worry, I'll take care of this one.  I'll bring him in."
So, I sent Kaislan ahead and took Sven Parav, who was still trembling.  Then, I quickly checked behind me.
[Caa-aa-aa-aa-aa-a-a-a-aa-aa-aa-k—!!!]  It wasn't that fast, at least.  Everyone was in the portal except for me and this guy.
Checking the time remaining, I grabbed the creature's jaw, forcing it to look me in the eye.  Then…
“Stop whining. I don't want to go either."
“……Eh?”
“Get in.  You’ve heard enough.”
Damn it.  We're in a rush here.  Don't bother me. 
"A! Aa-aak!!"
I swung Sven Parav up and tossed him into the portal. ‘So, I'm the only one left.’  All I had to do was step through and that would be the end of this.
Thankfully, I didn’t feel a shred of hesitation.  It was just… I jumped into the portal with a final thought.  Or rather, I recalled the witch’s words. 
[You will suffer even more pain and sorrow there.]  [But do you still want to go back?]
My answer to that question remains the same. ‘Yes.’  Nothing feels foreign anymore.  "The character is moving to Lapdonia."  Let's go.  Into the storm.  