##  Special Forces (1)
A large room situated within the Hall of Glory.
“What? Say that again.”
My voice, laced with anger, echoed through the room as I slammed my fist against the desk.  Tercerion, the Marquis, Prime Minister, and current Supreme Commander, remained impassive.
“I’ll say it one more time.  As Supreme Commander, I cannot grant your request for a change of assignment.”
His response to my plea to be sent to the front lines where my clan was stationed.
It was an understandable response, but I found it difficult to accept.  After all, his reasons were equally incomprehensible.
“What’s the reason for this change of assignment being impossible?”
“You are a titled noble.”
“I’ve heard that a change of assignment is possible if the individual desires it.”
“The military makes decisions and acts for the good of the collective, not for the sake of individuals.”
“How can my going there not be in the collective’s best interest?”
Though perhaps uncharacteristic for a Barbarian, I argued my case as logically as possible, striving to convince him.  But…….
“You have duties to fulfill within the Military Command.  And I have determined that those ‘duties’ are more important than fighting on the front lines.”
“Duties…?”
“This is just for you.  Even the Imperial City of Carnon is not safe.  Those reckless Noarkians infiltrated this city on that day, and even the intelligence department hasn’t uncovered their true motives.”
“…So what does that have to do with me?”
“Even the strongest structure can collapse if its pillars are destroyed.  And the titled nobles assembled here are the pillars that support this nation.”
“No, I asked what it has to do with me.”
“Is there anyone in this city who is as adept at ‘guarding’ as you are?  I don’t ask for much from you.  Just remain here and prepare for any eventuality.”
“Ugh….”
Though I sighed in exasperation, I finally understood why they were keeping me here.
‘After all, I’m a Barbarian, aren’t I?’
A simple, unrefined warrior, skilled only in combat.  A savage of this era, unfettered by law and morality.
‘Still, I’m a little worried about what might happen if I don’t go…’
Hmph, what am I supposed to do?  Should I just ignore him and act like a fool?
‘Or… maybe…’
My thoughts were interrupted.  As if sensing my internal struggle, the Marquis muttered to himself, as though trying to soothe me.
“But… it’s really because of those Noarkian infiltrators…  If you were to root them all out, maybe… maybe I could grant your request then.”
At those words, I felt a ‘ding!’ sound reverberate within my mind.
‘A kind of prerequisite quest…’
Right, I just need to solve this.
***
Sometimes, when playing games, you encounter a situation like this.
An area marked “No Entry”, where you are initially prohibited from entering, but it opens up after completing a specific quest.
In a way, my current situation was exactly that.
[Root out all the Noarkian special forces hidden within the Imperial City of Carnon.]
Completing this quest would allow me to leave the Imperial City and legally join my comrades on the front lines.
The only problem is…….
“Then allow my clan to join me here.  I’ll take responsibility for finding them.”
“Impossible.”
“So you want me to find them all by myself?”
“I understand your frustration, but it cannot be done.  If we grant a special favor to your clan, what will the other explorers think?  No one would fight sincerely for the royal family.”
I considered trying a little trickery, but as expected, the Marquis rejected it outright.
“Of course, you’ll need people.  I’ll assign some suitable individuals to you.”
Since I’d secured manpower, it wasn’t a completely pointless effort.
“But I must warn you, you and the people assigned to you are simply a separate unit assembled for a specific mission.  You will still be under the jurisdiction of the Military Command.”
“I understand.”
“I say this because you seem to have completely missed the point.  I repeat, do not leave the Imperial City of Carnon without authorization.  To do so would be considered ‘desertion’.”
“…Okay, I said I understood.”
“Good. Now go.”
The private meeting with the Marquis concluded, and I returned to the main hall of the Palace of Glory.  I spent some time mingling with the other titled nobles, gathering information.
“Ha ha! What’s there to worry about?  This whole incident is nothing more than their last gasp.  The power of the royal family is absolute, beyond compare.”
“There are rumors that they’ll be completely ‘eliminated’ soon, but I’m not sure how it will turn out.”
“Speaking of which, His Majesty hasn’t shown himself despite this crisis.  It seems his health really is beyond recovery.”
Well, most of what they said was useless.  But still, I tried to converse with as many people as possible, listening to their stories.
And how long had it been?
“Lord Jandel, the soldiers you were assigned have all arrived.”
The ‘manpower’ the Marquis had mentioned arrived sooner than expected.  There were 19 in total.  Including me, that makes 20 in total, and from now on, we are all being assembled as a ‘special search unit’ under the jurisdiction of the Military Command.
This is irrelevant.
There was only one thing that surprised me.
“…Jandel?”
“Raven…?”
Oh, I didn’t expect the Marquis to assign her to me, of all people.
“You’re the leader of this special search unit…?”
Raven looked completely flustered, as if she hadn’t heard about my assignment beforehand.
“It turned out that way. I’ll leave you in my care for the time being.”
Knowing Raven was a capable individual, I was relieved.  Instead, I offered her my hand, a gesture of goodwill.
But even while shaking my hand, Raven’s expression was filled with trepidation.
“…Ugh, this is making me really anxious all of a sudden.”
“Anxious? Why?”
“It’s nothing. I just realized this is going to be a very, very dangerous mission.”
“Don’t worry.  I don’t have any plans to cause any trouble.”
“Oh, like you’ve never caused trouble before?”
…Damn, that’s harsh, man.
“Anyways, so what exactly are we supposed to do?”
“Huh? Didn’t you hear anything before coming?”
“No, just that we’d be doing some kind of searching.  It was such a sudden call-up that I figured it must be a major issue.  So what’s the deal?”
It seemed she had been brought in without knowing anything.  I explained the mission we were about to undertake.
“So basically, we’re starting from scratch and have to track down these people the Royal Intelligence Department couldn’t even find?”
Raven looked like she was already sighing. I felt a little sorry, but I swallowed my pride and bowed my head.
“Please do your best.”
“No, even if you say that… I’m not some kind of super-powered person or anything…”
“This is the only way I can get back to my comrades.”
When I looked at her with pleading eyes, she finally released the breath she had been holding.
“Ugh… Alright, I’ll try my best.”
“That’s enough.  Just that promise is enough.”
It’s not a lie, that promise is truly enough.  How long have we known each other?  Knowing her personality, her saying that much means she will truly help with all her heart and soul.
‘The Marquis did send someone I can trust, after all.’
Why did the Marquis, who always did things I disliked, do something I actually appreciated for once?  While still feeling a little surprised, I decided to greet the other team members I didn’t know.
“Alright, I’m Bjorn, Jandel’s son.  You, over there.  What’s your name?”
“Marcus Baytlan.”
“Oh, you’re from the Baytlan family, are you?”
“Not directly, I’m from a branch family.  Lord Jandel.”
I took my time, making sure to gather information about each member, including their specialties.  To sum it up, there were ten knights, three mages, and five ‘search team members’, a special position even within the military.
“If you’re a search team member, then you’ve awakened a detection type anomaly, right?”
“Yes, that’s correct, Lord Jandel.”
“How strong is your ability?”
“Within a 20-meter radius, no one can escape our eyes.”
I could feel their sincere pride in their voices.  It wasn’t unfounded pride.
“You may not know this, but even when the Royal Knights are guarding the city gates, one of our search team members is always present.”
If the royal family utilizes them for guarding the city gates, it goes without saying that their ability has been proven.  I turned my attention away from the search team and looked at the last member.
He was wearing black clothing without any symbols or patterns, unlike the standard military uniform.
“You’re from the intelligence department?”
“That is correct, Lord Jandel.”
“What’s your name?”
“By the regulations of the intelligence department, I cannot disclose my name.  I hope you will understand this with your generous kindness.”
“Then just answer this one question.  Is your name or surname ‘Hans’?”
“….?”
“It’s important, so tell me quickly.  If you can’t answer, I’ll have to dismiss you, intelligence department or not.”
“I don’t know why you’re asking, but I’m not Hans.”
“Swear on the name of the royal family?”
“…I swear.”
Okay, then Hans doesn’t exist.  An intelligence department operative wouldn’t lie and swear on the name of the royal family.
“Then what should I call you?”
“Call me ‘Nameless’.”
Damn, that attitude, that clothing, and then a name like Nameless?  You’ve clearly got few friends.
Alright, I’ve decided.
“Nameless is too long.”
“Nameless is long? What are you—.”
“From now on, I’ll call you ‘Mumu’.”
‘Mumu’ was confused, not understanding what I was saying.
“…How is that shortened?”
“Mumu and Nameless.  The pronunciation is shorter, isn’t it?”
“…?”
“If you don’t like it, tell me your real name.  Then I’ll call you by that.”
After I said that in a casual, insinuating tone, Mumu sighed deeply and shook his head.
“Alright, whatever. What difference does it make?  Call me whatever you want.”
“Understood, Mumu.”
“….”
Even though he allowed it, he looked like he’d swallowed a fly, as if he didn’t like the name ‘Mumu’.  Well, it’s none of my business.
It looks like the Marquis planted one of his spies, and there’s no reason for me to treat him well.
“Anyways, before we start searching, I want to hear what the intelligence department has uncovered.”
“I came prepared.”
From then on, I spent time listening to Mumu, who was from the intelligence department, share what areas the army had searched, what they found, and what clues they had gathered.
Of course, there were no significant findings.
“So, you’re saying that you scoured the entire area and didn’t find a single hair?”
“To put it simply… yes….”
“Hmm, then there’s also the possibility that all those Noarkians are bald.”
“…Are you being serious?”
“No, it’s just a joke.”
Does this guy really think Barbarians are a brainless species?
“Alright, let’s go outside.”
“Do you have a place in mind?”
“Not really, I’m sure something will come to mind as we’re walking around.”
“….”
Mumu seemed to have a lot to say, but he just kept his mouth shut.  He seems to think we can just waste time.
“But thanks to you, I have narrowed things down a little.”
“…?”
“Those Noarkians wouldn’t have hidden in ordinary places, right?”
When I said that, Mumu’s eyes narrowed, as if I were saying the obvious, but this point is crucial.
“It seems they haven’t searched noble families’ mansions.”
When I pointed out the area they hadn’t searched, Mumu flinched and quickly spoke.
“Lord Jandel?  You wouldn’t be thinking about…?”
Even as he spoke, he seemed to think I wouldn’t do such a thing, but I was not going to compromise on this point.
“Maybe there’s a noble family that’s colluded with the Noarkians, what’s so strange about that?”
“W, we haven’t ignored that possibility, you know!?”
“Raven, does our special search unit have the authority to search noble mansions?”
“I’m not sure about that.”
“Then we’ll assume we do now.”
My nonchalant response startled Mumu, who looked at Raven.  Raven, however, simply nodded without hesitation.
“Yes, since the Marquis created this team, he’ll be responsible for the aftermath.  Besides, the heads of the families are all gathered at the Palace of Glory, and the servants won’t dare stop us.”
“What are you two talking about?!”
“Alright, then we’re all set.  Hurry up.  We need to thoroughly search as many mansions as possible before the heads of the families realize what’s happening.”
“Yes, but what do you mean by thorough search…?”
“You never know, right?  If we find something suspicious, we’ll take it for inspection.”
“Ah….”
I could see the contempt in his expression, as he seemed to understand my true intention of looking for something valuable to steal.
But perhaps he’s given up trying to dissuade me.  Raven simply looked at me with resigned eyes.
“Then which mansion do we start with?”
Ah, that?  Of course.
“Our first target is the Tercerion Marquis’s mansion.”
I wonder what secrets are hidden in the Prime Minister’s house?