## Special Force (4)
Let’s see, one, two, three, four, five, six…
“Seventeen.”
A total of seventeen individuals comprised the special unit under Noirarc. While I only knew the names and faces of three, their presence was enough to gauge the caliber of the remaining fourteen. No, I didn’t even need to consider the three.
The deputy leader of Orcullis. 
The Eye, Roland Vanozant.
Having this monster as their commander provided ample insight into the capabilities of the other members. Each one a force to be reckoned with, they were Noirarc’s finest. Naturally, there was no chance of winning a head-on confrontation here. Unless we brought along every single member of our clan.
Out of the current members, the only reliable comrade was Raven. Five out of the twenty even lacked combat prowess, specializing instead in ‘exploration’. 
However…
Thump, thump.
The reason I didn’t immediately flee was quite simple. We had been here, in this marquisate residence, for quite some time.
‘It's about time…’
Such thoughts crossed my mind as I watched the corpse collector being manacled.
“Bjorn Jandel…! You damn bastard…!”
The fellow glared at me with eyes burning with hatred. Was he trying to prove his innocence by hurling insults at me? I didn’t react to the sudden barrage of obscenities, just in case there was a possibility of that.
“One day I will pluck your eyes out, chew them up, and feed your guts to the goblins! And I’ll sprinkle preservative powder on them so they don’t even rot—“
“I understand. You have a job to do, don’t you?”
“…What?”
“Did you hear that, Vanozant? As you just witnessed, the corpse collector is not in league with me, Bjorn Jandel. He’s truly innocent. Release him.”
Of course, the deputy leader didn’t release him. He might not have been completely fooled by my tactic, but a commander bears responsibility. 
Perhaps he wanted to eliminate any potential variables.
And the result?
“I, I, I, I…!!”
The corpse collector could only tremble, unable to form complete sentences, as if he had developed a slight speech impediment.
That was when it happened.
Thud, thud, thud-!
The distinct sound of armed troops rushing in from outside the door.
“This… is a bit of a problem, Deputy Leader.”
The bespectacled, intellectually-inclined man muttered, prompting the deputy leader to fix his gaze on me.
“…So it was a stalling tactic.”
However, I detected no emotion in Vanozant’s eyes. Not anger, nor annoyance, nor surprise. He simply observed me. Initially, I couldn’t discern the subtle change in those emotionless eyes, but soon I realized.
‘Curiosity.’
It was as if he was gathering data, not evaluating me as a person, but as a subject.
After observing his subsequent reactions, it seemed like he had indeed gathered some data on me.
“A truly troublesome opponent.”
“…….”
“Release Avette Nekrapeto.”
“…What?”
“The variable has been eliminated.”
It was a statement devoid of any explanation, yet the bespectacled man obeyed without question. As if he held absolute faith in the deputy leader’s judgment.
“But I, I, I said that I wasn't!”
The corpse collector finally regained his freedom, venting his frustration at his wrongful imprisonment. But, now that he was free, perhaps he was in a better mood?
“Hmph… Really! To be played by the tongue of such a savage… I simply can’t understand it!”
His affected speech pattern, which had disappeared in his panic, returned to its usual arrogant tone. I wanted to punch him, but…
Kwang-!
At that moment, the closed door burst open, and a white-haired warrior entered with his followers.
“That’s far enough, Baron Jandel! The Commander-in-Chief has ordered your removal from office and punishment for exceeding your authority—“
The warrior, like a police officer armed with a warrant, started shouting as soon as he entered the room. He then froze as he surveyed the scene.
“…What?”
Seeing that bewildered expression, I couldn’t help but think.
“Why are they here…?”
I must’ve looked just like that earlier. 
***
Noirarc’s special unit, which we had scoured everywhere for, was found in the marquisate residence. And they were facing me, Bjorn Jandel, whom they thought was exceeding my authority.
‘With such a breakthrough, there should be no punishment whatsoever.’
It was like catching a rat while backpedaling, but the world only cares about results. From now on, there was no need to worry about the consequences.
The remaining problem was to wipe out these bastards with the help of those knights…
“Long time no see, Morgan Karitumaure.”
“You are… the Eye?”
The deputy leader’s words caused a commotion around the room. Apparently, the deputy leader and the warrior knew each other. 
“Karitumaure…?”
“The commander of the Second Royal Knight Order…?”
“That’s the famous ‘King’s Knight’…?”
I had assumed that the marquis wouldn’t send just any random guy to take me down, but this was a much bigger fish than I expected.
‘Morgan Karitumaure.’
He’s even more famous as the ‘King’s Knight’, the former bodyguard and right-hand man of the Great Awakening King. After the King fell ill and retired for political reasons, he took over the position of the commander of the Second Royal Knight Order, which had been vacant for some time…
“…Pfft, what a rare sight indeed.”
It was no surprise that everyone was shocked by his appearance. Orcullis’s deputy leader was a significant figure, but this warrior wasn’t inferior in terms of reputation. Before he retired, ninety out of a hundred people in the city would’ve called him the ‘strongest’.
“The Eye, Vanozant. Your presence here means… Baron Jandel truly succeeded in his mission.”
Uh…
“…So it seems.”
“From what I heard, you simply barged into the marquisate, but that wasn’t the case. I found it odd that someone of your caliber would act so rashly.”
“…….”
“How did you do it? The Royal Information Bureau couldn’t even uncover this information.”
“The secret lies in… logical deduction and suspicion.”
“Hee hee, so you’re saying you can’t reveal your source?”
Uh…
“…….”
Feeling a sense of pressure from the gaze, as if he were looking at a very capable junior, I simply shut my mouth. 
As always, half of the battle is just keeping silent.
“Whatever, things are urgent, so let’s talk later. We can talk after these traitorous brutes are all apprehended.”
“I’ll help.”
With those words, the King’s Knight — no, for brevity’s sake…
‘Thank goodness he’s not a Holy Knight.’
He unsheathed his sword, and I also assumed a combat stance. We had a significant advantage in terms of numbers, and even the terrain favored us. It was because the marquis’s office had no windows.
‘They must’ve omitted them to prevent external intrusion.’
The marquis’s mansion is also renowned for its durability. It was supposedly built in the same manner as the King’s residence? Even the outer walls were made of unusual materials and reinforced with all sorts of magic. It’s said that it could withstand the world’s destruction for at least a minute…
“Surrender your weapons and beg for mercy.”
The only escape route, the entrance, was blocked by the King’s Knight.
“That’s your only choice today.”
However, the deputy leader Vanozant showed no sign of fear as the King’s Knight pointed his sword, threateningly. He merely said this quietly.
“Very well. We surrender.”
…What?
“…What did you just say?”
As if he hadn’t heard right, the King’s Knight asked again, bewildered. 
The deputy leader replied again, impassively.
“I said we surrender.”
…This was completely unexpected.
***
Orcullis’s special unit, who must’ve infiltrated here with a specific objective in mind. But these bastards are surrendering so easily? Aren’t they the type to fight to the very end?
This was a suspicious and unnerving situation. And knowing this, the King’s Knight took direct command and meticulously apprehended them.
However…
“…….”
“…….”
Until the very end, they showed no resistance and surrendered quietly, concluding the situation.
“…W, Well done. Congratulations, Baron.”
“We should also tell the Marquis that we did our best…”
The team members assigned by the marquis were both confused and happy about the situation. And perhaps to alleviate the anxiety lurking beneath their joy, they continued to spin hopeful scenarios.
“At first, I didn’t understand why they were acting like this, but it makes sense when you think about it.”
“Well, the King’s Knight himself is here. What could they possibly do?”
“They must’ve decided that surrender was their only option.”
Well, it was certainly an unfavorable situation for them. But I couldn’t imagine that. And this time, it wasn’t just a gut feeling; there was reason behind it.
‘There’s no way they didn’t resist… at all.’
After the deputy leader declared surrender, none of them objected. Not the corpse collector, nor the screeching witch. Not even those who appeared to be loyal right-hand men, like the bespectacled guy. 
‘Deputy Leader! Surrender? What are you talking about! Let’s fight to the end!’
‘If we’re captured, all that awaits us is torture and death!’
‘I’d rather die fighting!’
You’d think at least a couple of them would’ve reacted like that, but the absence of any such response was truly bizarre. Unless, of course, they had planned for this situation and discussed it beforehand.
‘…There’s definitely something fishy going on.’
The problem was that I had no idea what their scheme was, and I couldn’t do anything about it right now. 
“…Karitumaure, what are you going to do with them?”
“This doesn’t concern your mission, but you played a significant role in apprehending them, so I’ll answer. They will be transported to the Royal Palace. They will be imprisoned and interrogated by Information Bureau agents to extract everything they know.”
Yes, that’s how it’s going to go…
“…Why can’t we just kill them all here?”
I discussed the danger they posed and even brought up the possibility that they might’ve willingly gotten captured, but the King’s Knight didn’t even bother listening. No, to be precise, he heard me clearly and then rejected my proposal.
“I understand your point, but we’re currently at war. To win this war, we need the information they have.”
“So, you’re saying it wouldn’t be justified.”
“That’s right. If we kill them after they surrendered and were apprehended, who would be responsible?”
“…….”
“I hope you understand that we can’t just take such a responsibility based on a gut feeling.”
The King’s Knight firmly rejected my request. However, as if he was anxious, he personally checked the prisoners’ restraints several times. 
And then, after some time had passed…
“We will be transporting them to the Royal Palace now. These individuals are of utmost importance, so if anyone displays any laxity in their duties until their arrival and completion of the mission, they will be severely punished.”
The King’s Knight then led them out into the garden himself, and once the special carriage for prisoner transportation arrived, they loaded the Noirarc bastards one by one.
But… what was this?
“Bjorn, son of Jandel.”
The deputy leader, being dragged away by the knights toward the special carriage, spoke to me.
“We’ll meet again.”
He even offered a meaningful smile as he said those words. That wasn’t the face of someone being dragged to his death, and it instilled certainty in me. I really would’ve regretted letting him go.
“…Smug?”
I uttered that with a tone of incredulity, and the deputy leader met my gaze with his characteristically unnerving eyes.
“What if I was? Are you going to hurt me? You, with all you have to lose?”
“…….”
“You’re a much more rational person than you seem, Bjorn. Dealing with such individuals is not difficult at—“
I cut him off with a short reply.
“Yeah.”
“……?”
The fellow seemed confused about the meaning of my ‘Yeah’. But maybe he sensed something?
“You’re saying you’re going to try to hurt me?”
The deputy leader asked, curiosity glimmering in his eyes. I replied.
With my hand, which was now holding my hammer, and my mouth.
“Yeah.”
Kwak-!
This will undoubtedly lead to some trouble.
Kwak-!
But it’s better to leave no room for future repercussions.
If I miss this opportunity, I might not get another chance to kill him.
So…
Kwak! Kwak! Kwak!
Was he called ‘The Eye’?
Kwak, Kwak, Kwak—!!
I really picked the wrong guy to mess with. 