##  The Prison (1)
Having smashed countless people's heads with a hammer, I can tell you that there's a common reaction, a specific expression, when someone gets hit with a hammer.
Or, more accurately, there's a look in their eyes.
"Huh?"
Did I just get hit?
"Huh?"
I can't feel my body.
“…Huh?"
Am I… dying…?
Like this…?
So… pointlessly…?
*Clang!!!*
Most of the time, those who get their heads bashed in with a hammer stare blankly, confused whether the moment is real or not.
*Clang!!!*
Even as they see and feel their skull shatter in real time, they can't fully grasp what's happening.
Well, this guy's case is probably even worse.
Not only did he not get hit while fighting,
[“So, what? You're going to harm me? You're not like me. You have so much to lose.”]
He was so convinced of that.
He probably felt even less likely to be facing a shattered skull in this situation.
But…
“St, stop! What are you doing?!”
This is Laphdonia.
“Baron Jandel is causing a riot!!”
A ruthless world where a single misstep can lead to death.
Right, so…
*Clang!!!*
One must pay the price for misjudgment, right?
“St, stop him!!”
Ignoring the shouts of the knights, I kept hammering down on his head.
*Clang!!! Clang!!!*
The members of Orculis stared wide-eyed, and our search team members went pale until I finally stopped.
*Clang, Clang, Clang!!!*
As if crossing a shaky bridge, I hammered down on him repeatedly.
And…
“….”
When there was no more even a faint scream and only a muffled sound like striking mud,
*Clang!*
Feeling the unique satisfaction of the blow through my fingertips, I finally stepped back, unable to resist the pleas of the soldiers.
"Baron… what in the world are you doing?"
Ignoring the state of the deputy commander, the Royal Knight, an old man, rushed towards me, his expression a mix of confusion.
He had instantly recognized the situation from countless experiences.
If a skull is smashed like that, even with a High Priest right beside them, there’s no chance of survival.
“To kill the most valuable prisoner without any due process, depending on perspective, it could be interpreted as treason.”
“Ah, I’m sorry. I couldn't control my anger after that guy insulted me right to my face.”
“An insult…?”
“He mocked me, calling me a coward.”
“Is that true?”
The Royal Knight, after listening to my explanation, asked the knight nearby to confirm the situation.
The knight, looking a bit hesitant, pondered before truthfully revealing what had happened.
“He didn’t call you a coward.  He merely said that—you are more logical than you appear.”
Okay, that's enough.
“That means coward, doesn’t it?!”
As I yelled, furious at the knight's statement, the Royal Knight grabbed his forehead.
“…Enough.  The reason doesn’t matter.”
“Oh, so you’re going to let it slide?”
“What’s there for me to let slide? As I said, you’ll have to take responsibility for your actions. The Duke, who is already quite furious, is sure to make a fuss about your ‘mistake.’”
The Royal Knight, though truly concerned about me being harmed by the Duke, seemed to have no intention of blaming me for my actions.
If anything, his favorability towards me seemed to have increased.
“Still, one thing is clear.”
“…?”
“Frankly, I was worried because you were from another race, but your patriotism is unquestionable.”
Ah, so he thinks I did it for the nation?
I don’t know for sure, but I was also certain of one thing.
“The Duke is running the country as if he owns it, but I’ll do whatever I can. Don’t worry too much.  This country will only stand strong when loyal servants like you stand tall, wouldn’t you agree?”
The Royal Knight doesn’t like the Duke, who’s currently acting as the ruler.
‘…Unexpectedly, I found a reliable backer.’
Maybe today's incident will end without much trouble after all.
As I thought this, I was shaking off the blood and flesh clinging to the hammer when…
“C, Commander!”
A knight who had been collecting the corpses came running, uttering shocking news.
“He, he’s alive!!”
“…Huh?”
“The Eye, Banozant, he’s still alive!”
No way, are you serious?
“Really!”
…He’s alive after that?
***
Sometimes when I watch media, I see this happen.
‘Is he finished?’ I think, but then the one I thought was dead gets up, stronger than ever, for a round two.
Of course, this isn’t like that.
“…Ugh, ugh.”
Instead of charging back with renewed strength, he's only coughing blood and rolling around on the ground, looking like he just barely escaped death.
And obviously, there's no round two.
Only the Royal Knight, who’s blocking my way, worried that I might cause more trouble.
“That’s far enough.”
“….”
“One step more and I’ll cut you down. For your own good.”
…What do I do?
While I pondered, the knights, at the Royal Knight's command, loaded the deputy commander into a carriage and swiftly departed.
It’s too late for this slow body to catch up.
‘…Damn it.’
In the end, I simply gave up.
Well, I did enough.
If he’s alive after getting beat up like that, it's not my fault. It's because the enemy did a good job.
It's better to think of it that way.
But I was curious about one thing.
“…How did he survive?”
“I’ll let you know when we find out through further investigation. Stay here for now, calm down, and return to the military headquarters.  I’ll talk to the Duke.”
So even the Royal Knight doesn't know.
How the hell did that deputy commander survive?
It’s probably one of those items or essences.
‘I'll hear it when he says he’ll tell me.’
“Hopefully, you’ll have calmed down by the time I see you again.”
With that, the Royal Knight left, and I spent some time in the Duke’s garden clearing my head before taking another look at the Duke's mansion.
I wanted to properly check the secret room where the Noarckins were hiding.
‘So this is what it looks like.’
The secret study was a workspace, but this was a real shelter.
You know, like those ‘panic rooms’ they build in foreign houses to protect against intruders.
‘Nothing special….’
I quickly glanced around before telling the soldiers to continue their investigation.  Then I headed out to the palace with the rest of the team.
And…
“The Commander wishes to see you.”
As expected, we were called upon by the Duke as soon as we arrived.
“Everyone else, leave.”
“But…”
“It's alright.  Don’t make me repeat myself.”
“Yes, sir.”
The Duke, after dismissing even the escort knights, created a private audience.
He sat down and glared at me for a moment before finally speaking.
“So… you really found them while searching our family mansion?”
“I got lucky.”
My words, though containing 100% truth, were met with disbelief from the Duke.
“Where did you get your information? Did the Corpse Collector really become your informant?”
“I said that just to buy some time.”
Again, I spoke only the truth, but the Duke didn’t listen. He just stared at me, trying to discern what was true and what wasn’t.
Come on, why ask if you don’t even believe me?
Just a waste of breath.
“Enough. Now, keep your promise.”
I had no intention of wasting time with pointless questions, so I got straight to the point.
“I’ve found all the Noarckins who infiltrated the city, as you requested.  Even the deputy commander of Orculis is among them. I’d say this is mission accomplished, wouldn’t you?”
“You mean that ‘Eye’ that you tried to kill?”
“…It was an impulsive action.”
“Hmm, still, it can be interpreted as a planned accident. For example, you might have needed to silence him…”
He was trying to get a reaction out of me, and I couldn’t just sit there.
It’s not something a tank should say, but the best defense is a good offense.
“Well, in that case, you're the one who looks most suspicious.”
“…?”
“You’re more suspicious than me, who smashed the deputy commander's skull.  After all, you’re the one who hid Noarck’s special forces in your family mansion.”
This wasn’t something I made up to attack him, but something I genuinely found suspicious.
Of course, at first, I just thought that the Noarckins had infiltrated the Duke’s mansion without his knowledge.
[“Very well. I surrender.”]
The more I thought about it, the more I realized that it was impossible to do that unless they had a backer high up in the royal family.
The most likely suspect was him.
“…I didn't hide them.”
“Then what happened to those caught?”
“They’re currently imprisoned in the royal underground dungeon. They'll soon be subjected to intense interrogation by the intelligence agents.”
“Hmm… is that so…?”
I decided to leave that topic alone and return to the earlier conversation.
“Anyway, I kept my promise, so now send me to Zone 7.”
“…That’s not possible.”
“Why?”
“Don’t misunderstand. It’s not that I won’t send you at all.”
“Then tell me properly. Convince me.”
“You searched our family mansion? Well, we found something substantial, so we can let that slide. But attempting to kill an important prisoner in front of everyone is different.”
In short, business is business, and mistakes are mistakes.
“So, come on. Cut to the chase. What do you want to do about it?”
“Considering what Knight Carithmuir said, I won’t ask for much. To maintain order, you’ll be punished for two days, just two.”
When I asked about the punishment, the Duke said it was ‘imprisonment’.
He explained that I would be confined in the prison for nobles, located on the first floor of the royal underground dungeon. He said that it was much better than any inn, so I should just think of it as a vacation.
The environment didn't matter.
What mattered was time.
And even more importantly, this Duke’s ‘intentions’.
‘Two days….’
What do I do?
I’m never getting back to Zone 7 if this guy doesn’t let me go.
“It’s my final offer. There’s no room for negotiation. Even if you choose to desert.”
It was my only choice to get to Zone 7 legally.
After much deliberation, I finally made my decision.
If I deserted here or refused to accept the punishment, it might make things worse.
And he said that I wouldn’t even need restraints.
If things get too weird, I can just break out of the prison and go.
Right, so…
“Two days. Just two.”
“…Good choice.”
Let's just watch the situation unfold.
‘Duke, this son of a bitch is so suspicious.’
I’m not going to let him get his way.