## Prison (2)
It had been a very long time since I last found myself confined in a prison. Or perhaps, “prison” wasn’t quite the right word. The rumors surrounding the royal underground prison were rife with tales of monstrous creatures and infamous criminals, thought dead in labyrinths, being subjected to torturous trials. 
“….Their hot water comes on faster than mine?” 
For a prison, the facilities were surprisingly luxurious. It was like being in a five-star hotel suite, complete with three rooms and a bed so large I could roll around twice and still have space to spare. Even the bathroom boasted a large bathtub.
“….Not bad.”
Of course, this wasn’t the standard for all the underground cells. My current confinement was in a special cell located in a secluded corner of the first floor. A place reserved for those, while considered criminals, still received a degree of royal respect. It was more of a show of confinement than an actual punishment, if truth be told.
“Baron Yandel, may I have a word with you?”
Not even a few hours after my confinement began, a visitor arrived. It was the same royal knight I had met earlier.  He expressed his surprise at my patriotism, inquired about my comfort in prison, and assured me his aid was always at my disposal. He then revealed some crucial intel: the Noirark soldiers were being interrogated by the intelligence department on the fifth floor, and that it was the use of a ‘spirit essence’ that allowed the Noirark vice-captain to survive the interrogation. After a brief, amicable conversation and a meaningful final comment, he left. 
“….I must be going. As I said, rest for two days and clear your mind. The Duke may have other motives in not taking any further action against you.”
“…What do you mean?”
“It might be that he’s hoping you’ll escape. Even if the period is only two days, escaping would still be considered a crime.”
The royal knight departed, citing another pressing matter.  His words left me with a lot to contemplate. 
‘He’s definitely right.’ 
The Duke had been exceptionally gracious to me since my imprisonment. Knowing my personality, he could have easily imposed many more restrictions to prevent me from escaping.  Yet, he had placed me in a special cell and hadn’t even put me in shackles. To be honest, I could’ve walked out of here right now if I wanted to. 
“….Is anyone there?”
Not long after the royal knight’s departure, another visitor arrived.
Who was this place, a free-for-all? 
It was funny, I thought, but…
‘Actually, it’s not just anyone, is it?’
It’s just that I have a lot of people around me who have the standing to enter the royal underground prison. 
Like the second visitor who just arrived.
“….Ragna.”
“It’s been a while. Are you comfortable here? I heard it’s different from the prison I imagined, but I can’t see inside from here.”
“It’s probably what you heard. I’m not uncomfortable.  The food is good, at least.”
“Ah…is that so? That’s good to hear.”
“So, what brings you here?”
As I inquired about the purpose of her visit, she hesitated before slipping a wrapped box into the opening when the food was delivered.
‘What is this?’
Secret documents or a letter that needs to be delivered discreetly.
Thinking that, I silently unwrapped the box to check its contents. 
But what was this? 
“…Cookies?” 
The small box was filled with cookies, nothing else.
Ah, maybe there’s a note inside the cookie?
That thought suddenly crossed my mind, so I quickly took one and put it in my mouth.
“I heard there’s no dessert during meals. So…I baked these myself.  Do they… taste alright?”
“Ah…huh? Yeah, they’re delicious!”
“Heehee, I can hear you even if you don’t yell.”
“….”
I thought the Duke might have sent her, but she had actually come to just bring me food and see my face. 
So, while we were chatting through the door, I thought about asking her something.
The painting I had seen in the secret study.
The woman who I suspect is Ragna’s mother.
Does she know about that woman? 
I wanted to ask, but decided not to. If it was the Duke, he might have planted listening devices everywhere…
“No, wait a minute.”
Suddenly, a thunderbolt struck my mind.
“….Why?”
Come to think of it, did the Duke mention it to me?
I felt a bit sorry for her, but ignored Ragna’s question and replayed the conversation I had with the Duke. 
‘He didn’t.’
As I thought it through, it became clear.
The Duke from that time hadn’t said a word.
[So…did you really find them while searching our family?]
Despite clearly knowing about everything that had happened within his family.
[Only two days, just two days of punishment.]
The Duke didn’t even try to probe me or bring it up.
About the ‘secret study’ I had snuck into.
Not a single word.
It was like it was something that would naturally come up in conversation, just a passing remark.
‘….Was it not that big of a secret?’
It wasn’t something he’d hide, even if someone found out.
So that’s why the Duke didn’t react much?
It wasn’t a completely unreasonable assumption, but my past life had taught me.
‘No, that can’t be right.’
It’s actually the opposite.
The reason the Duke didn’t mention it at all was because that ‘secret’ was so important.
And if that assumption was true.
‘…I might be the biggest danger.’
Maybe right now wasn’t the time to worry about my comrades in the 7th Zone. 
“…What’s gotten into you?”
Ah, of course, it was a fantasy that I couldn’t reveal to Ragna, the Duke’s daughter.
So…
“…My stomach hurts!”
“….Excuse me?”
“I have to use the bathroom! Oh, and I’ll eat these cookies. Thanks!”
“Excuse me? Oh…. yes…”
Using the Barbarian-style evasion technique, I ended the conversation with Ragna.
After Ragna left, I did actually go to the bathroom and sat on the toilet.
And how long did it take?
Deg-u-ru-ru.
Something that looked like a grenade rolled into the food slot, which can only be opened from the outside.
Flick-!
It exploded, emitting a bright light.
‘Flashbang…?’
That was my initial thought, but the light wasn’t so strong that it blinded me, and my skin didn’t feel any damage where the light touched.
‘Who is it…?’
It doesn’t seem like an attack.
Even so, I picked up my hammer just in case and approached the door, when a voice came from the other side.
“Are you in there?”
Jerome Saintred, Captain of the 1st Royal Knight Order.
Or rather, the ancient ghoul possessing his body.
“I came to tell you something urgent.”
It was the Village Chief.
***
This royal prison was no playground for children.
I don’t know how many people were trying to visit each day, but the third visitor was the Village Chief.
“What’s this about? What was that thing before?”
“It’s a magical device used by the royal intelligence department. It emits a powerful magical wave for a moment to disable magical devices within the communication system.”
Hmm, so it’s an EMP grenade?
“I did it to make sure there were no ears listening, so please understand.”
Well, I thought there was a high chance of eavesdropping devices, so it didn’t matter.
“Done. What’s this urgent matter?”
As I got to the point, he confirmed his claim of urgency by immediately getting to the crux of the matter.
“It’s about to begin.”
…Come on, is this all you have to say?
“Begin? What do you mean?”
“The day everything will burn.”
“No, I mean, what does that mean?”
My heart was racing anxiously, but I tried to remain calm and ask again.  Just then.
KWA-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-NG!!
A vibration came from the ground and continued for several tens of seconds. 
DR-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R!!
Then the entire prison started to shake.
Cracks appeared in the ceiling, the walls supporting the ceiling shattered, and debris fell.
In a panic, I grabbed the iron door and asked the Village Chief what was going on, but he spoke first.
“Get out of here. This place is no longer safe.”
“No, I mean, just explain it a little!”
“That’s all I can say right now. Survive. Then I’ll have something to tell you.”
“What I need to know is what’s happening, so I can—!”
“It’s almost time. You’ll hear about what happens next from someone else.”
Then, with those words, I sensed the Village Chief’s departure from the other side of the iron door.
And….
TA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-T!!
I felt hurried footsteps getting closer to where I was.
It wasn’t the Village Chief or the royal knight.
It was clearly the sound of an ordinary person’s footsteps, someone who had nothing to do with martial arts.
‘Ragna…?’
She was the first to come to mind, but this visitor was the fourth new visitor.
KWA-ANG KWA-ANG KWA-ANG!
“Yandel! Yandel!”
“….Raven?”
“Ah, there you are! I’m glad! I’m going to open it right now—.”
“Don’t need it.”
I ripped the door, which was already meaningless, off its hinges and walked out.
“….Huh?”
“Just the main points.  What’s going on up there?”
“Ah, ah…!”
Raven, seeming to have come back to her senses upon hearing my voice, hurriedly began her briefing.
“Thunder! Thunder fell on the Palace of Glory!”
‘Thunder’. 
The official name of one of the three ‘magical weapons’ possessed by the royal family.
“I heard it on the communicator on my way to you. The Palace of Glory collapsed, and the Chancellor, the Commander-in-Chief, is unaccounted for! Everyone’s in a panic and evacuating…!”
I grabbed Raven’s shoulder, as if to crush it.
I didn’t know what she had seen up there, but my body was trembling like a leaf.
“W-we have to get out of here! I-if that thing, falls, again, this place won’t be s-safe—!”
“Calm down, Raven.”
“But…!”
“I said, calm down.”
“….”
Raven closed her mouth tightly as I spoke firmly.
Well, it didn’t make her body stop trembling, but it was much better than the panic she was in before.
“The 7th Zone…what about the 7th Zone? Any news?”
“I, I don’t know. There was a rumor that they were going to start the Bifron eradication operation b-before the Thunder fell….”
Hmm, yeah…that’s right.
I confirmed just one last thing.
“Is there any more information about what happened to the Chancellor?”
“Yes? No! I don’t even know if he’s alive or dead. But the communicator said that he was definitely in the Palace of Glory when the Thunder fell!”
“I see.”
Even as I answered, I had a hunch…no, I was certain.
The Duke would be alive.
Or maybe it was the Duke who set off the ‘Thunder’. He’s someone who might have been involved in a conspiracy with those Noirark bastards.
“Wait, give me a moment.”
“Yes? What’s that supposed to mean? We have to get out of here! It’s not the time to—!”
“Just a moment, just a very short moment.”
I closed my mouth tightly, ignoring Raven’s words, and continued to think.
This was a time when every second counted.
It didn’t take long to finish thinking and come to a conclusion.
‘As much as I think about it.’
Running away like this is the worst option.
I could run away right now, or go out and join my comrades in the 7th Zone. It’s all possible in this chaotic situation.
Logically, that’s a much safer option.
TUK.
Everything has a ‘golden time’, right?
Depending on how you react at the beginning, the outcome will vary greatly.
So, that is….
“Go ahead, Raven.”
Raven was horrified to see me start walking.
Of course, she would be.
If I follow this corridor, there are stairs leading down further.
And….
“It was the fifth floor, wasn’t it…?”
“The fifth floor…? Why are you going there?!”
According to the royal knight, they’re trapped there.
The Noirark special forces who surrendered along with the ‘Eye of the Abyss’.
Their abilities are sealed, with shackles on their limbs.] 