## Chapter 725: Limited Time (4)
Astaloth, tasked with bringing Raven, issued an order to another member of the Guardian Knights who was stationed outside the audience chamber.  In a sense, it could be seen as subcontracting, a subcontractor's subcontractor… 
"She's staying nearby, so she'll be here soon."
Well, I had no reason to be resentful. Even if one subcontractor hired another, and then that subcontractor hired another, the highest authority remained unchanged…
‘This will give me more time to have a little chat.’
I had no intention of wasting even a minute, so I immediately began my investigation.
"Astaloth, what is your official title?"
“…”
"I need to know that to plan ahead.  And you wouldn't dare disobey His Majesty's command to cooperate with me—."
“…I am the Captain of the Guardian Knights.”
Oh, so that’s it.  So you’re the next generation of ‘King’s Knight’ after the old King’s Knight, huh?
“Since your curiosity is satisfied—.”
Nah, this can’t be the end of it.
“What’s the deal with that sword you’re wearing? It looks pretty sharp.”
“…”
Again with the eye-rolling.
“I need to know your capabilities accurately to plan ahead—."
“…It’s the sword given to the Captain of the Guardian Knights.”
“What are its capabilities?”
“It’s second only to a Creation Artifact.  Ah, even though you're the vice leader, you wouldn't know much about Creation Artifacts, would you?"
No way.  I’ve collected all the Creation Artifacts countless times.  Naturally, I know more about their capabilities than anyone.
“How many Guardian Knights are there?"
Regardless, I continued to slowly level up, uncovering the key information about the royal palace.  Astaloth looked like she was wondering if this was even allowed, but she readily spilled the beans whenever I mentioned the King, sighing heavily each time.
“Children? Do you have any?"
“Our Guardian Knights are forbidden from having families.”
“Oh, then you should practice better birth control?”
“…”
“You…  have you never…?”
“…”
With each new piece of information gleaned, both from the game and from my investigation, it was time for Raven’s arrival.  I had gathered all the information I needed, and suddenly, I got curious. It was pure curiosity.
‘How far does the King’s authority extend?’
This fellow’s docile demeanor is a malfunction caused by an excessive loyalty to the King. In other words, it’s a bug.
So I still maintained a certain line while conducting my investigation.
The life support system in the palace basement.
The prison below that.
Or anything about the King’s lifespan.
No matter how clueless this guy is, he wouldn't answer these questions.  He’d definitely refuse. And once he experiences that 'refusal,' he'll realize it's not that hard.
‘Of course, exploiting bugs is also part of a player's virtue.’
For that reason, I made sure to never cross the line.  Just like broken machinery sometimes starts working when you hit it, I was afraid that if I shocked him too much, he might normalize, and then I would be the one losing out.
But…
‘I’m curious, though.’
He wouldn’t tell me anything about the King, but what about anything else?  If I told him to take off his pants in front of me, would he do it?
‘I’m curious, but…’
It was both a disappointment and a relief, but I never got to satisfy my curiosity directly.
"Hey, Jandel!"
Raven had arrived.
***
I heard she had been doing remarkably well, despite feeling stifled and uncomfortable.  Well, I guess I’m not much different.  This kind of luxury in the middle of a war—I doubt there’s anything better in the entire city.
“You’ve gained weight.”
“Wh, what are you talking about…! I, I gained weight?”
“A little."
"Ugh… Of course I would, staying cooped up in a room like this…! "
After a brief exchange of pleasantries with Raven upon her return to the audience chamber, I got straight to the point.  He didn’t explain everything in detail like a Barbarian, but maybe because we had spent so much time together, Raven summarized it all in one sentence.
"So…  we need to kill the Chancellor…  us…?"
"It happened like that. And it's not just us. The royal family will support us."
"Th, that’s at least reassuring…  But are you really sure the Chancellor was the mastermind behind the rebellion?"
"That's what I heard.”
With the target clearly defined, Raven began asking questions about the current situation.  Of course, I couldn’t answer any of them.  After all, I’ve been locked up in this room the whole time.
“Elizabeth will tell you about the outside situation from now on.  That’s why I was waiting for you.”
"Elizabeth…  Sir?"
“Astaloth Berun. Call me Berun."
“Ah… yes…  Berun Sir. Nice to meet you.”
Ignoring Raven’s greeting, Astaloth began her briefing, and we were constantly surprised by each piece of information, as we had been completely cut off from the outside world.
“What?  Half the city was taken over?!”
“It’s not ‘taken over’ but ‘occupied’ by the rebels.  And it’s not half, it's about a third.  Only District 13, 7, and 8 of Ravigon are under their control, and only District 4 of Commelby.”
Unlike the King, who didn’t seem concerned at all, the situation in the city was dire.  Everyone who knew already knew that the Chancellor was the mastermind behind the war, and the Chancellor was even leading the rebels from the front lines.  At this point, it would be no exaggeration to call it a civil war, and even that civil war could drag on for a long time.
“So my comrades are in District 7, which has become enemy territory.”
"To be precise, it’s the sacred ground of the Barbarians.  Unless the last information I received has changed.”
"It’s a more complicated situation than I thought."
"Mr. Jandel, are you planning to reunite with your comrades first?"
"Yes."
However, even reaching District 7, where my comrades are, is no easy feat.
“You’ll have to pass through District 5 or 8, which are adjacent to District 7…  .”
According to Astaloth, those districts were the front lines, with fierce battles raging day and night.
"It’s difficult.  Even if we pass through District 5 or 8, District 7 is right in the heart of enemy territory."
"It seems that way.”
As we were having this conversation, Astaloth suddenly chimed in.
“Bjorn Jandel, I have a piece of advice for you.”
“…Go ahead.”
"Think about what comes first.”
Damn, for advice, this is some crap.  As expected of the King's lackey, he advises prioritizing the King's orders over his comrades.
‘He was acting clueless before, but is he really dumb?’
It was advice not worth listening to.  If that was the case, he should have stayed cooped up in the audience chamber for a week.  Why did I accept that condition?
So I simply skipped his advice.
“Instead, I’ll need to go outside.”
Hearing about the situation second-hand wasn’t enough, so I immediately made plans to go outside.  As I was talking to Raven, Astaloth butted into our conversation again.
“You’ll be recognized quickly if you go out like that.  I didn’t mention it before, but most people believe that you were severely affected by the collapse.”
Oh, that’s right.
"Maybe I should wear a helmet to conceal my appearance?"
This advice was a bit more considerate, but my answer was “NO.”  In the first place, my gigantic body wouldn’t be concealed by a helmet, and wearing an iron mask twice in my life was enough.  But above all…
"I’ll just go as I am."
"Why?"
“So my comrades can know that I’m safe.”
But Astaloth seemed to find my decision incomprehensible.  No, to be precise, she looked down at me as if I was pathetic.
"His Majesty said for you to act freely, so I will say nothing."
"Then don’t."
"But can you really kill the Chancellor with that kind of mindset?"
His tone was emotionless, with no hint of concern.  But the meaning behind his question was easy to understand.  He’s asking if I can handle the worst-case scenario if I fail to fulfill the King’s condition.
But I shook my head and firmly said,
“Don’t worry about that.”
The fragments of the Records Stone, time travel to the past, and so on and so forth.  Right now, I believe in fate.
“The Count has already met his end."
It was a fate decided since the Ice Rock expedition.
***
The first thing I thought when I left the Open Sky Palace was ‘This is funny’.  Only when facing the front gate did I get to see the palace’s exterior for the first time.
"Wow…  I’ve only heard about it, but it’s truly magnificent.”
Could we be the first in all of history to enter from the basement and leave through the front gate?
“Keep the windows closed and stay quiet until we leave the palace.  You can’t let anyone know you came out of the Open Sky Palace.”
“…Got it.”
So, I, Raven, and Astaloth got on the carriage that was leaving the Open Sky Palace, driven by one of the Guardian Knights.
“But aren’t you supposed to be in the palace?”
"It was you who asked me to come along, wasn’t it?"
Well, that’s true.  To be precise, I asked if I could requisition all the Guardian Knights within the Open Sky Palace, but he said he was the only one available.
“Don’t worry. It’s the King’s order.”
"Well… But isn’t it okay for the Captain of the Guardian Knights to leave during the war?"
The fellow smiled nonchalantly at my question.
"This place isn't easy enough to let those lowly rebels set foot here."
"Well, that’s good for me, but…"
Honestly, I’m still not sure if it was the right choice to travel with this guy.  His combat ability is certainly one thing, but…  If I’m with this guy, every move I make will be reported directly to the King.  He might affect my initiative in case of an emergency.
‘Still, I’m lacking a lot of information about the current situation.  With him, things will be much easier.’
The carriage that had left the Open Sky Palace passed through the 12 palaces surrounding the Open Sky Palace and entered the Imperial District, and I got to see the scene firsthand.
“I’m really getting a feel for the war.”
As I had visited several times for events like the conferment of titles, the ascension ceremony, and the triumphal procession, the ‘Palace of Glory’ is the most familiar among the 12 palaces.
"Th, this is the…  Thunder…."
The huge, magnificent palace was gone, replaced by a mountain of rubble.  Countless soldiers were clearing the debris, and a body appeared every time a rock was lifted.
"Who is it?"
“We’ll need a proper investigation, but a crest of the Count Nartul’s family was found on the remains of his clothes!”
"It could be the Count Nartul, so treat him with utmost respect!"
“Yes!”
As the carriage passed through the narrow path made through the ruins, I overheard a conversation happening at the scene.
“……Did a lot of nobles die because of this incident?”
"It was at the military headquarters, with many nobles gathered for the war effort.  I hear people are saying that half the nobles died in the city."
Half the nobles…
Strictly speaking, it would be half the titled nobles.  But even that alone tells us how severe the situation is.
"Maybe the Count planned it all and called them all together.”
"It’s not ‘maybe,’ but ‘for sure’ according to the intelligence department.”
Well, but that raises another question.  I understand that the Count was the mastermind behind everything, but why did he order me to stay in prison for two days?  Wouldn't it have been better for him if I got caught in the chaos and died?
Astaloth answered my question.
"Well, I guess even the Chancellor didn’t expect you to be caught in the collapse and die."
Well, it's true that even I can’t imagine myself being caught in that chaos and dying…
‘So many titled nobles died.  Some families will disappear entirely…  I wonder if the succession ceremonies will all be held at once when the war is over?  At least it will make the nobles younger.’
As I looked at the collapsed palace through the slightly opened window, Raven muttered.
“……No.”
"What did you say?  I didn’t hear you."
"Just…  No matter how this war ends, it’s going to be completely different from the world we knew.”
Raven’s voice was tinged with fear, and I nodded unconsciously.