## Chapter 726: Limited Time (5)
The carriage, having entered the main road of Carnon, rumbled forward. Unlike the usual clean and well-maintained Carnon streets, resembling a modern city, this time they were different.
Deeply cracked pavement, with rolling stones and broken wood scattered about.  Of course, even in this chaotic state, it was nothing compared to the real battlefields of other districts. Carnon's road was the frequent route for heavy military supplies and construction materials, but due to a lack of personnel, it had fallen into disrepair. It would regain its cleanliness as soon as the war ended.
Other districts… no, to be precise…
‘Unlike District 7.’
I hadn't seen it firsthand, having only heard about it, but I already knew what state District 7 would be in.
‘…I’ll think about that later.’
The thought of the funds and efforts I had invested in District 7, my home base, made my stomach churn. However, matters of ‘loss’ could be sorted out after everything else.
"Where are we heading?"
"District 5."
Reaching Carnon's military lift platform, I proceeded to District 5, the frontline.  And...
"Baron Jandel!"
Passing the soldiers, frozen stiff upon seeing the royal insignia of Astarotta, I stepped outside.
BOOM-!
A deafening explosion reverberated from a distance. Surprisingly, the soldiers passing by the platform seemed unconcerned.
Or maybe I was wrong to call it nonchalance?
"..."
Their eyes, hollow as if they could collapse at any moment, were fixed on their duties.  This conveyed the situation better than any words.
WHOOSH-!
This, I realized, was their daily life here.
"Where are we heading?"
"Let's explore for a bit."
One can't fully comprehend something without witnessing it firsthand. I began exploring the war-torn District 5, taking in the sights and occasionally asking Astarotta about my curiosities.
"This place seems fairly safe. Judging by the explosions, they're happening quite far away."
"It's strategically important. They've probably put more effort into constructing the battle lines here compared to other areas."
"Ah, because of the military lift platform?"
"Exactly."
Indeed, if I were the commander, I would've tried my best to protect the military lift platform.  It would allow access to supplies and reinforcements from all districts not occupied by Noirarc.
‘In the worst case, I could even escape.’
As I continued sightseeing like a nobleman out for a stroll, people began to recognize me and whisper.
"Hey, that's Baron Jandel..."
"I heard he disappeared after the building collapsed..."
"Still, the Baron coming here could mean… he's trying to change the tide of the war."
"How can we know what the higher-ups are thinking? We just do our job and that's all."
Damn, I should've hidden my face.
‘…But those who knew me would've recognized me anyway.’
Continuing my exploration, I reached the outermost edge of the fortifications around the military lift platform.
‘Marta Brothers Weaponry Store.’
This was where I came, introduced by Erwen, to dispose of the equipment after my initial expedition.  Naturally, the store, always bustling with customers, was closed with its lights off. The road was similarly deserted.
The expansive road, once teeming with the people of District 5, was now barricaded with high barriers, guarded by soldiers.
‘Beyond this lies Noirarc’s territory?’
I heard Noirarc’s offensive was quite successful, pushing these barricades further and further back.
"Are you going out?"
"Still thinking about it."
Having completed my inspection, I went to check the sewers. I had heard that Noirarc had destroyed the entire sewer system to prevent its use as a passage, but I still needed to see it for myself.  However…
‘This is unusable.’
I had barely descended a few steps before the stairs were blocked by debris.  I suppose clearing the debris as I went was a possibility…
‘It’d take too long.’
Hmm, if that's the case, then I have no choice but to storm through the heart of the enemy's territory to reach my comrades...
"Astarotta, what's the situation in District 4?"
"I hear it's fiercer than any other. The main Noirarc force is stationed there. Orculis’ leader is also constantly showing up."
Oh, that bastard is there?
‘That guy's tricky.’
I managed to outsmart him using a trick in the past, back when I met him 20 years ago. But if he’s not an idiot, he wouldn't fall for the same thing again.
‘Plus, the main force is there…’
Alright, District 4 is off-limits.
"Then what about District 8?"
"The rebel forces occupied it and have been quiet. The royal forces attempted a recapture several times over the last few days, but failed every time due to Orculis’ core members guarding it."
"Core members?"
Upon asking for further information, Astarotta rattled off familiar names: The Blood Knight, the Black Claw, the Screaming Witch.  And the Corpse Collector, and so on...
‘Oh, so that’s what they meant by core members.’
I had previously fought against them in District 8, even with the Lighthouse Keeper added to the mix. From my perspective, District 8 seems easiest to handle.  Although there are supposed to be some ‘rookies’ who recently debuted, haven’t even received titles yet.  So it might not be as simple as I thought.
"How about the route from District 5 to District 7?"
"The frontline of District 5 is under the command of the Demonic Eye. The Third Legion is stationed in District 7, providing support."
"The Third Legion...? Are you talking about the one commanded by Eltora Tercesrion?"
"Due to information control, civilians believe the Third Legion was destroyed. However, they actually joined the rebel forces with the Regent a few days ago."
He continued to explain. Apparently, most of the Third Legion was forced to join the rebel forces by Eltora Tercesrion, so if the right opportunity arose, an internal conflict could break out.
"Also, according to information, Eltora Tercesrion was unaware of the plan and refused to participate when it was revealed."
"Wait, but he’s there?"
"The Regent must've used some coercive methods."
Come to think of it, that makes sense.  The Regent’s son is, after all, an ‘Evil Spirit’.  He’s not his biological father, and there's no way he'd willingly jump into the fire with a straw man on his back.
‘…This could be a key later on.’
I took some time to reflect on my plan.  What’s the best route from District 5 to District 7, passing through District 7, to reach my comrades in the Barbarian Sanctuary?  It didn't take long to arrive at an answer.
"I need to go to District 9."
The shortest route would be to depart from District 5, but it was also the most dangerous.  Even if the Demonic Eye is in charge of District 5, it's still bordering District 4, where the main Noirarc force resides.
‘That bastard, the leader, might appear.’
Astarotta shrugged at my decision.
"Going through District 9 means you'll go through District 8."
"Is there a problem?"
Astarotta simply chuckled in response to my query.
"Be careful of the Corpse Collector. It seems he’s been preparing for this war for a long time. They say he’s been very active."
Oh...
It seems he's truly concerned for me...
Chuckle.
This advice wasn't exactly helpful.
"He’s nothing to me."
He’s nothing more than a Poison Necromancer, and I'm at a level where I can't afford to lose against someone like that.
***
Before boarding the military lift platform to District 9, I requested a few things from Astarotta, things necessary for my ‘plan.’  He readily agreed to all of my requests, even if they might've been excessive.
So, all preparations are complete.
‘All that's left is the signal…’
As I waited for the opportune moment in front of the tightly closed gate, I noticed Raven looking anxious.
"Raven, what's with the anxiety?"
"Of course I'm anxious! I never thought you'd go in so recklessly."
Raven must've thought I was bringing an army to wipe them out.  Damn, how long would that take?
"Don't worry too much.  It’s better to move in a small group than to have too many people."
"Sigh... is that your way of comforting me..."
"If you're really worried, you don’t have to come. You can just stay here—."
"Forget it. I'd be more anxious if I didn’t go. Plus, it's not like we’re all strangers, now, are we..."
She’s a compassionate woman, no matter how much we bicker.
As I chuckled at that thought, Astarotta approached.  For some reason, he looked cheerful.
"What is it? You have something to say?"
"I have some news.  I received a message from the command center in District 5.  They’ll fulfill your requests sometime tomorrow morning."
"...That’s pretty late?"
"Don’t be such a whiner.  They need some preparation time."
Well… that’s true.
"Anyway… you said you had some news? That means there’s more to it, right?"
"Ah, I almost forgot.  Two of your missing comrades have been found."
My heart lurched at that statement.
"Who are they?"
There were a total of four people missing, apart from the clan members who had already entered the sanctuary.
Sven Parav, Lilis Marone.  
And Ayen Lokrov and Amelia.
"...Tell me quickly."
"Seriously, you're so intense. The two found were Ayen Lokrov and Emily Reigns."
"Where are they now?"
"District 4."
"...District 4?"
"According to a report from a spy, there was an armed conflict in District 4.  The perpetrators are said to be the two of them."
"So what happened to them?"
"We don’t know that. But thankfully, they managed to escape unharmed."
Sigh...
How did those two end up in District 4 after being separated from the group in District 7?  I was curious but also worried sick.
"...Don’t worry too much.  She’s resourceful. She'll take care of herself."
"...I guess so."
I couldn’t immediately rush to District 4, so I decided to push those thoughts aside.  If I dwell on it, all I’ll imagine are worst-case scenarios.
As always, my anxieties grow and take root.
"Raven, they said it’ll start tomorrow morning.  Get some sleep somewhere while you still can."
This is the last of my breaks.  The hard work starts tomorrow morning.  I was also planning to rest, but…  don’t all accidents and incidents happen when we least expect them?
CLUNK, CLUNK, CLUNK.
A sound I absolutely don't want to hear echoes from a distance.
CLUNK, CLUNK.
The gate, previously tightly shut, opens with the sound of pulleys.
"What’s going on? Why is the gate opening so suddenly?  Are we under attack?  If that happens, everything will fall apart right from the start…"
Nah, it can’t be.
It’s not that.
It must be some soldier’s mistake.  
They said there hasn’t been a single battle on this side of the wall yet.  And in the first place, why would those Noirarc bastards expand their forces sideways when they should be heading for the capital?
Such positive thoughts flitted through my mind, only to be immediately dismissed.  It's not in my fate to get lucky like that.
"Get ready."
As soon as I finished speaking...
CLUNK-
Something falls from the sky.  Not once, but several times.
CLUNK, CLUNK, CLUNK-!
The sound is too heavy for it to be raindrops.
CRUNCH-!
"Ah!"
Only after it landed in front of me did I realize what it was.
"Human corpses...?"
Corpses that looked like they were torn from a Corpse Golem, their shapes hardly recognizable.  These corpses fell from the high wall, landing here.
And…
"Raven, get back!"
SHWOOOSH-!
The corpses on the ground simultaneously burst open, spewing venom, and…
"Attack!!"
The soldiers on the wall yell as the alarm bells, installed at various points, clang loudly.
CLANG-! CLANG-! CLANG-! CLANG-!
Amidst the commotion of soldiers rushing out, I quietly checked my equipment and glanced at the half-open gate.
[GROOOOWL!!]
A group of rather familiar corpse soldiers, enough to fill a carriage, is approaching through the open gate.
"St, stop them!!"
"Nia Lapdonia…!"
The soldiers stationed on the wall immediately reacted, but it was not enough to hold back the corpse legion.  After all, the threat wasn’t only from the corpses…
KABOOM-!
A meteorite falls from the sky, smashing into the midst of the soldiers, instantly scattering their lines.  At the same time…
[GROOOOWL—!]
The corpse legion, like a dam breaking, surged forward in a tsunami.
"Hey, Baron Jandel?"
"Stay here, Raven.  Astarotta, you protect her."
"Understood."
After leaving Raven in a safe place, I charged towards the gate, smashing the skulls of the corpses with my hammer.  After all, through the completely open gate, I could see that bastard, confidently riding his Chimera, entering the city.
"Oh, this is just wonderful!  Just because one tiny gate opened, you're so helpless!  You must’ve been incredibly careless!  Hehehe!"
That bastard’s always putting on a show.
"I hereby declare that District 9 is officially under the rule of Orculis…!"
What?
“…Huh?”
Why did he stop talking?
"Bjorn… Jandel…?"
Ah, he’s stopped because we’re making eye contact.