## Chapter 729: The Traitor (3)
Ricardo Ruhenpraha, the Captain of Orculis. 
A possessor of the [Silent Command] – a unique ability granted by a Tiered Essence. Given its devastating power in PvP, facing him, even I, felt a heavy burden. 
Of course, I've become far stronger since then…
‘It was mostly due to my cunning tactics back then.’
He was such a formidable opponent that the thought of facing him again filled me with dread. I knew I'd have to fight with everything I had.
‘But…'
He's with Amelia now…?
No, even worse...
[Brett Chi, El, Dies Detran]
“What did you just say?”
“4-7 location… El… battle commencement…."
They've started fighting…?!
My heart hammered against my ribs, constricting my chest and momentarily taking my breath away. I yearned to board the military elevator and race to Sector 4.
But a more pragmatic side of me took over.
‘To reach Sector 4, I'd have to take the military elevator to Sector 3, and then…'
It would take at least 3 hours.
And that was the absolute minimum, assuming no combat encounters.
Of course, I could hope that Amelia would manage to escape and hold them off until I arrived…
But deep down, I knew it was nothing more than wishful thinking. 
The reality was, it was nearly impossible to survive that long in enemy territory, facing such a formidable foe. 
Therefore, I swiftly made a decision.
‘I can't go myself.’
Even if I left now, I'd be too late.
It wasn't about giving up. It was a matter of fact. 
So…
“4-7 location… two infiltrators, initiating escape.”
Let me think.
“4-7 location, request support unit.”
What could I do to help without going myself?
“Astarotta.”
“Speak.”
“Can you contact the Fifth Wall Garrison? I need them to start as soon as possible. I can't wait until morning.”
“I'll relay the message, but don't expect a good answer.”
“Just tell them to start as early as possible. It's alright.”
“Understood.”
With those words, Astarotta left the building to contact the Fifth Sector Garrison.
And then…
“What do you plan to do…?”
Raven, her eyes fixed on me, asked cautiously.
I wasn't sure if this would work, but I spoke my plan clearly and concisely.
“I'll draw their attention.”
“How?”
“In a Barbarian way.”
“Well, I guess we'll need to be prepared.”
It was an extremely abstract explanation, but Raven seemed to grasp the nature of my plan.
“Yes, be ready. It might get tougher than ever.”
“Ugh.”
Raven let out a sigh, but her eyes held a resolute glint as she acknowledged my warning. 
Afterward, I anxiously monitored their communications, and when Astarotta returned, I explained my plan to him.
“It seems rather far removed from the plan to kill the Chancellor, but... it's not my concern. The responsibility lies with you."
"Are you saying you'll help?"
"I will follow orders."
He wasn't my friend, nor a fellow adventurer, but those short words brought me immense comfort.
Ah, I guess the King of Ruptures did leave me a valuable gift after all.
“So, what are you going to do with this woman?”
“Hmm…”
What am I supposed to do with her?
“Hey, Oppa! Stop it! You don’t need to scare me like that. I wouldn’t think anything weird, okay?”
Vivienne, still using that childish tone, made me chuckle.
“I’m taking her with me. I need to keep hearing what’s happening."
“Can you at least put some safety measures in place?”
“Huh…? Unnie…?”
“I told you, I’m not your Unnie.”
"Oh! Ra-Raven! Safety measures? Hehehe… Th-there’s really no need for that!”
"Don't worry. It's not dangerous. Just don't think any funny thoughts."
With that, Raven pulled out a small pill, the size of a thumb, from her spatial pocket.
“Here, swallow it with some water.”
“I need to know what this is…."
"You'll know when you take it.”
“Ah, no, but it's going in a person's body… I need to kno—.”
“Jandel, this woman seems to be thinking about something else.”
Raven's subtle nod was my cue to intervene.
“I think so too.”
“Ah! Alright, alright! I’ll take it! I’ll take it!”
With a menacing approach, Vivienne gulped down the pill Raven had offered.
Gulp!
It was good that she took it, but there was a nagging feeling in my gut.
‘Why is she so scared of me?’
I didn’t do anything that scary, did I?
“P-please put your hammer down! I’m scared! Please!”
Ah, right. I did smash that ‘Lighthouse Keeper’ guy's head in front of her.
Slowly, I lowered the hammer. It seemed to have calmed her down a little, as Vivienne's voice regained its usual childish tone.
“…Alright, done. Now tell me. What is that? Is it poison?”
“Oh, come on. You think I’d give you something as old-fashioned as poison?”
Well, I thought it was definitely poison.
It’s a classic cliché, isn’t it? An evil organization using poison to brainwash and control martial arts masters.
“It’s just a simple magical device.”
"A magical device…?"
“You know magic engineers, right? They made it. The military bought it, so it’s safe.”
"……No, I mean, what kind of magical device is it…?"
Maybe Raven’s presence was intimidating, as Vivienne’s voice was much quieter than before. It was clear she felt subordinate in their interaction.
But Raven remained expressionless and pulled out a remote-like device.
"See this? This button."
"Yes…."
"If you press this, what you swallowed will explode. Inside your belly."
While Vivienne was speechless at that simple and straightforward explanation, I nodded in understanding.
It made sense that poison was old-fashioned. 
After all, putting a bomb vest on a hostage is a strategy used in the modern world.
It’s much more sophisticated, if you will.
“Hmm… Don’t understand? Strange. So, if you just press this—.”
"I understand! So, just put it in your spatial pocket already!"
I watched Vivienne’s reaction quietly.
Her expression didn’t seem like an act, so it seemed she believed Raven’s words 100%.
‘At least I don’t have to worry about her betraying us…'
With that, I resolved my concerns about a potential betrayal, I shared the detailed plan with Raven and Astarotta.
Thankfully, Astarotta’s reaction was moderate.
“So you’re planning to make a mess?”
"Is that your approval from the royal family's perspective?"
“His Majesty instructed me. It's not approval, but he’s not going to stop me either."
“That's a relief.”
Astarotta, whom I had my reservations about, gave me a thumbs up.
I then left the building with a lighter heart.
And then…
Thud, thud.
As I crossed the gate leading to Sector 8, a thought crossed my mind.
‘This one makes me nervous too.’
If I had more time, I could have devised a better plan, but this was the best I could come up with right now. 
“Raven, get ready.”
"Yes? Oh, yes…!"
Raven summoned a massive fireball into the air, marking the first step of our preparations. 
So…
Whoosh!
Let's create a real mess.
“Behel-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa!!”
One that will make them all run here, no matter what.
***
In my life, I've witnessed a burning medieval city twice.
Once, during Orculis's terrorist attack on the Imperial City, Karon, a few years ago.
And…
Woooosh!!
Again, now.
Tatatatat-!
A burning city.
Or to be more precise, I was running through the burning streets of Sector 8.
The speed at which the flames were spreading was beyond anything I could have imagined.
Woooosh!
It wasn’t a metaphor. We were literally pouring oil onto the flames of a burning house.
「Arua Raven has cast 4th tier attack magic [Water Cannon].」
A thick stream of water, as if from a fire truck.
「Arua Raven has cast 6th tier auxiliary magic [Property Conversion].」
That stream was transformed into oil by the combined magic.
And then.
「Arua Raven has cast 4th tier auxiliary magic [Wind Direction Control].」
With the addition of a steady breeze, the entire city quickly transformed into a fiery inferno.
Well, it might be scorching hot, but…
「Activated the Fire Jewel.」
「All fire damage within a 15-meter radius is reduced by 50%.」
You know what, this has been a useful tool for a long time.
“Run!”
The flames had spread enough that we didn’t need to keep adding oil. We decided to prioritize speed over meticulous application.
‘It was… a good choice, I think.’
The plan was to burn down Sector 8, which Noark had taken over, and draw their attention. I wasn't sure how effective it was, but it did have one advantage.
[Grumble….]
[Gulp….]
The corpses' counter was fire.
The Corpse Collector, who had received significant investment from Noark for this war, had deployed his corpse legion throughout Sector 8. And simply setting the place ablaze instantly melted away those meticulously prepared corpses.
Well, the higher-ranking individuals had fire resistance, and the Noark residents of Sector 8 did try to put out the fire…
Crack-! Crack-!
But I could easily take care of them with a little brute force.
As the situation unfolded, I found myself wondering.
“…Why didn’t the royal family set the city on fire sooner?”
"You’re asking that because you don't know?"
“Well, if I knew, I wouldn’t have asked.”
“Anyone with a clear mind would know that burning down the city for the sake of reclaiming it wouldn’t yield any results.”
“Ah…”
I see. That makes sense.
Sector 8 wasn’t a strategically important location. The royal family wouldn’t want to burn down an entire district just to reclaim it.
‘Right… I wouldn’t have even thought about setting it on fire if it wasn’t this situation.’
Although Astarotta had given me permission, there’s a possibility that I could be held accountable for setting the city ablaze.
In any case, the best plan would have been to quietly pass through the enemy lines with Vivienne and rejoin my comrades.
But…
‘What's the point of lamenting now?’
When has anything ever gone according to plan?
Crack-!
As I continued to destroy the burning corpses and Noark forces aspiring to become corpses, Vivienne heard a message on the radio and shouted.
"The troops stationed in Sector 5 heard about this and are coming to help! Oh, but Vice-Captain Oppa has to stay on the front lines, so he won't be joining us."
Tsk, I’ve drawn enough attention, but not enough to warrant a full-scale withdrawal?
“Alright, what about Sector 4?”
While gathering intel, I also kept checking for the latest news about Amelia.
“There’s no news of the battle ending. It seems they’re still in pursuit!”
Hmm… I see.
But the fact that they’re still in pursuit means…
‘My current level of provocation isn’t enough?’
Of course, I’m not worried about it.
This is my forte.
As a Barbarian warrior, this is something I excel at and have done countless times.
“Um… Jandel? Why are you laughing?”
Hearing Raven's slightly anxious question, I smirked and replied.
“A brilliant idea just popped into my head.”
Let’s worry about the consequences later.
]]]