## Chapter 733: The Jester (2)
As soon as the battle commenced, Avet Necrapeto retreated to the relatively safe rear. His innate desire for attention had led him to recklessly charge at the forefront during the 9th District invasion, but he was not about to repeat the same mistake. He was confident in his close combat abilities, to a certain extent, but...
“How can I possibly stand in front of these monsters?”
His close combat skills were essentially self-defense tactics, and even those were useless against them. It wasn't just skill, it was a matter of professional difference.
"Don't hide back there! You goddamn—"
A former comrade, a woman, yelled at him as he moved back. 
Such insults were insignificant, even a compliment of sorts among people like them.
“Heh, what a ridiculous statement! Why is it hiding when a summoner retreats?”
It was an obvious move, but the woman who was captured by the enemy for failing to do it screamed in frustration.
"You goddamn— If you hadn’t done that back then, I would have... I would have…"
"Heh, but thanks to you, we forged a good connection, didn't we?"
"Are you kidding me?!"
Their argument had the potential to continue for days if they had the time, but unfortunately, the situation was not favorable. They were on opposite sides of the battlefield, far from each other.
"Stop bickering and use some magic!"
"...Alright, alright!"
"Necrapeto!"
"Heh..."
Their argument naturally ended as they both participated in supporting the battle from the rear. It was a relief for him.
“Rilanne Vivienne has cast the 4th grade Black Magic [Rotten Earth's Curse].”
“All enemies within range will have their defense greatly reduced.”
That stupid woman was nothing more than a curse-caster, but he was different.
“Heh, a pathetic attempt.”
“Avet Necrapeto has cast [Legion's Blessing].”
“All allies within range will have their harmful effects reduced by 50%, and their highest stat will increase by 20%.”
He had recently acquired a 2nd grade area buff.
“Damn it! Layton’s dead! Necrapeto!”
"Heh, leave it to me!"
Unlike the Black Magician whose magic was mediocre except for curses, Necromancers had skills that were insanely powerful even in small-scale battles.
"Avet Necrapeto has cast [Puppet].”
Necromancers could revive dead consumable items to fight. 
They weren't as strong as they were in life, but…
…they become quite usable with a couple of buffs.
“Avet Necrapeto has cast [Bloodline].”
“All passive skills possessed by the caster will be bestowed upon the minion.”
Their blood flows with poison, their bones become harder, and all their attacks inflict debuffs.
But that wasn’t all.
“Avet Necrapeto has cast [Modification].”
“One minion will be randomly modified.”
The Orculis elite, with the skills worthy of being summoned here...
...immediately resurrected upon death, gaining a random trait.
For example...
“Grand Success.”
“Minion: Coral Layton has acquired the [Giant Beast] trait.”
Coral Layton, who was a melee warrior, transformed into a massive monster upon resurrection, comparable to that Barbarian.
"Heh, grand success from the start, what good luck.”
Kwaaang-!
A new summon (Coral Layton), possessing even greater strength than in life, confronted the Giant Barbarian.
"Heh, heh, heh… Such a strength stat, enough to hold back that brute Barbarian!"
Necrapeto genuinely hoped his newly created summon would survive.
Such a creature stat would be among the top in his collection of extradimensional...
Sserok-!
“...Huh?”
He rubbed his eyes, watching the battle from the rear.
Kuung-!
…It died with a single slash?
“A… Grand Success? And with the best base?”
He couldn’t understand.
There was a dealer next to that Barbarian, supposedly very strong, and even seeing him kill Layton with a single strike, he thought it was best to stay away…!
But this was ridiculous!
“...What kind of goddamn knight is that?!”
He may have been the one who spoke for everyone, but it was the thought shared by all the Orculis members present. It was only natural.
Even a Necromancer like him, with slow reflexes and no expertise in melee combat, could sense it. Those who were directly fighting in front were surely feeling it even more.
Sserok-!
This nameless knight was dangerous.
Not in some ways, but in every way.
Even more so than that Barbarian, who was called “Giant.”
Psheuuut-!
A geyser of blood erupted with every swing of his blade.
Twenty elite soldiers who had been eagerly waiting.
And hundreds of support troops stationed around them.
“... ”
“... ”
Unconsciously, they were retreating, no longer actively participating in the battle.
They were all too preoccupied with protecting themselves, weren’t they?
A common phenomenon during a battle with a bleak outlook. 
They only pretended to fight until the retreat order came…
“...I… I need to prepare.”
Avet Necrapeto, who had lived a life of strength over weakness, sensed that ‘atmosphere’ faster than anyone else, picturing his escape in his mind.
But of course, he couldn’t run away right now.
It was because the order to retreat hadn’t come yet.
“Let’s pretend to help for a while… ”
He would run away the moment the opportunity arose, without looking back.
Just in case, he’d retreat further first.
“Avet Necrapeto has cast [Puppet].”
He didn’t hesitate to use his support skills.
He had to do his part to have something to say even after the retreat, and if he didn’t, the front line would crumble.
But…
“…What?”
His judgment was sound, but it was also a major mistake.
The moment the new [Puppet] rose,
…the knight’s gaze fell upon Necrapeto.
Mechanical, indifferent eyes, shining like a hunter’s.
“Why, why is he looking at me?!”
He screamed silently in his heart, terrified, but he knew why the knight was looking at him.
He knew the moment he saw it.
The knight’s thought as he looked at him.
‘Oh, I need to kill him quickly.’
The knight's gaze held no ill will or annoyance.
That was precisely why he felt chills running down his spine.
Therefore…
Thuk.
He involuntarily took a step back.
Tadat-!
As if it were a signal flare, the knight leaped into the air.
"What is it?"
"Just borrowing you for a bit."
The knight, having leaped high into the air, lightly stepped on the giant Barbarian's shoulder, and using that momentum, flew toward him in a single breath.
“... ”
It was a strange sensation.
As if time were slowing down.
Even as the knight rapidly approached him, his mind spun faster than ever before.
To find a way to survive.
‘Momentary Immortality.’
It didn’t seem like a good idea.
It might make him invincible for a minute, but…
Would he survive after that?
“I… I shouldn’t have come here! Why the hell does this always happen when I encounter that Barbarian?!”
He was overwhelmed by a sense of injustice and sorrow, but he quickly cleared his mind.
Such thoughts wouldn’t help him survive.
Yes, so…
“...Damn it!”
Necrapeto put his most likely survival plan into action, conceived in a moment of thought.
“Avet Necrapeto has used the [Staff of the Underworld].”
The Staff of the Underworld.
It was a divine weapon, a top-tier item among Double Numbers, ranked No. 17, and truly a ‘Necromancer’s’ graduation item.
It was a risky weapon in many ways…
‘Call of the Underworld.’
Necrapeto didn’t hesitate to activate the staff's ability, ‘Call of the Underworld.’
Of course, he chose the most manageable, and he hoped it would be enjoyable to torment…
‘Rilanne Vivienne!’
The moment he completed the target designation with a determined glare, the aura that had been approaching disappeared, and green light swirled.
"The character and designated target are receiving the Call of the Underworld.”
The realm of the dead, where no one from the outside can interfere.
‘Heh, I’d say it was a wise choice.’
Now he just had to hold on, just hold on.
Well, it might get boring, but… he could just keep her entertained to prevent her from dying.
…That’s what he thought.
“Wow, the scenery here is killer.”
…Until he saw a Barbarian calmly looking around.
***
“The character has used [Aegis Barrier].”
“The designated target will receive the effect instead.”
***
Three crescent moons of green color hung in the sky.
They looked so vivid and close as if he was in space. 
If you looked closely, you could see that the moons were made of writhing corpses.
[Groooooaaarrrrr…]
Zombie-like sounds filled the air like background music.
The ground was just a bleak, arid plain extending endlessly…
Phooong-!
Green something shot up from the crack in the earth like magma erupting.
‘If I get hit by that, the debuff stacks, right? I’ll have to be careful.’
So this is what it feels like.
It’s definitely different from what I saw in the game.
Maybe it's because the lighting itself is green, coming from the sky, but it really feels like I’ve come to a different world.
‘Anyway, I'm done sightseeing.’
You can’t have your cake and eat it too, so I wasn’t going to spend my time sightseeing when I have things to do.
Therefore…
Ssuuk.
As I shifted my gaze from my surroundings to directly ahead, the creature I made eye contact with flinched.
“Bi, Biyoorn Yandell! Why… are you here?!”
You see, if you use the active skill of [Aegis Barrier], it can intercept ‘target designation’ type instant skills that are normally immune to interception or replacement.
It’s my first time using it in a real battle, but…
“Well?”
There’s no need to explain it to him—
“Bu… but I clearly designated Vivienne that bitch?!”
Oh… It wasn’t Raven?
I thought so, so I used my shield without asking, without any doubts.
‘Well, they were both in similar positions.’
It was a misunderstanding, but it wasn’t a bad situation.
The Corpse Collector, Avet Necrapeto.
I wanted to kill him myself.
Ssiik.
I smiled and raised my hammer.