## The Jester (5)
When the Lion Mask first appeared at the Round Table, Avet Necrapeto was utterly shocked.
[The one who recommended me here is your mother. But what, do you have a problem?]
His speech, fearless even amongst a gathering of players known for their boldness and daring. 
And...
[Please, stop. Any longer, and I'll be in danger... ]
Skills to back up his words. 
[...!]
[...!]
The Lion Mask instantly dominated the Round Table with an aura of suffocating menace, leaving no one daring to challenge his opinion.
He was truly a violent being.
Like the Mongol hordes who ravaged the West with their overwhelming might, the Lion Mask conquered the Round Table in a flash. However, his true fearsome nature lay beyond mere 'force'. 
[If we capture Vandemon with three people, his Essence will be guaranteed to drop.]
[A new Sacred Artifact has appeared in the world, granted by the Divine Oracle of the Goddess of Stars.]
[The Stone of Resuscitation does exist.]
The Lion Mask possessed knowledge unknown to all, delivered as if it were common sense. It was enough to make one question how large a group one must lead to possess such information with such casual nonchalance.
A being shrouded in mystery. 
'…He's cool.'
Avet Necrapeto admired him. It was an emotion bordering on yearning. Wasn't that natural? He trampled over those he wished to, treating all as insignificant insects. And when bored, he tossed them a morsel of entertainment, enjoying their reactions.  To Necrapeto, he seemed cooler than any villain he had admired as a child. 
[If... If I were to... ]
[If I were to abandon everything and serve under Lion-san... would you accept me?]
That was why he made that proposition at the final Round Table gathering. Orculis was a good group, sure, but compared to the Lion Mask, they felt lacking. If he could serve under him, he felt he could become a truly 'special' person.
Well, his proposal was rejected, of course. 
[A bug, you say! Pu-hu-hu…! Surely, Lion-san sees everyone as such.]
He wasn't particularly disappointed. He simply hadn't caught his eye yet. If he built a more fearsome reputation, becoming a more wicked person, wouldn't he extend a hand towards him? He held onto that hope.
But...
'Bjorn Jandel... '
That damn barbarian who not only constantly interfered with his plans but also bestowed upon him the absurd moniker of 'Toy Collector'. He was a man who deserved nothing less than being chewed up and spat out. 
'…The Lion Mask?'
The first emotion that flared up was 'denial'. It couldn't be. He must have heard some strange rumor and come up with this nonsensical story.
Beep-beep-beep-beep-!
Despite those thoughts, he found himself accepting it. It was as if the truth he had been consciously ignoring started to come into focus. 
[The Lion is Bjorn Jandel.]
The words spoken by the 'Queen' to the Lion Mask, who had returned to the Round Table after a hiatus of two years and six months.  It may have ended with a red light, but that meant a strong suspicion existed. 
[A new Sacred Artifact has appeared in the world, granted by the Divine Oracle of the Goddess of Stars.]
The Lion's knowledge of the Reatlas religion, known to none other. It made sense if Bjorn Jandel was the Lion. After all, he was the very person involved in the Oracle. 
[The Jester is the Corpse Collector.]
The same applied here. When Bjorn Jandel first clashed with him, he had revealed himself to be the 'Jester', wearing a mask. 
[Maybe somewhere… ugh!]
The killing intent he had suddenly unleashed on him that day at the gathering was not the amusement of a bored absolute being, but revenge. 
Thud-thud.
I didn't need anything else. The moment I saw those eyes looking down at me, I understood.
“Persistent.”
The Lion Mask I had yearned for was Bjorn Jandel. 
***
The fellow’s expression was exactly as I expected. First, he denied reality, then felt betrayed by the plausible circumstances… 
"..."
Finally, he feared the inevitable death.
Thud.
I released [Gigantification] and stomped on his upper chest. He winced in pain, but then began to grin like a madman. It wasn't just the shocking truth of my being the Lion Mask. I mean, his head was half gone, so it’s not like he could be sane.
‘Ugh… this is disgusting.’
Still, thanks to my last-minute strength control, he didn’t die instantly. Well, I did think of just finishing him off cleanly… 
‘But, gotta loot even if I’m busy.’
Killing him right now wouldn’t gain me much. At best, maybe that ‘Stygian Staff’ he’s holding tight right now? 
‘This is why high-level explorers are such a pain.’
When I ran through the lower levels of the Labyrinth, I’d just kill and then loot their bags or strip them of their equipment. But most high-level explorers have subspace. This guy, being a Necromancer, probably has a huge subspace.
“Hey, you listening?  Huh? Can you hear me?”
I called out to him several times, but he didn’t respond. He just stared blankly into space and chuckled.
“Tsk.”
I had no choice but to grab a potion from my subspace and pour it on his head.
Hiss-hiss-hiss-!
What, this guy can’t even feel pain? 
The potion bubbled and hissed, releasing steam, but he didn’t move a muscle, still gazing into space.
It was only when his deep head wound was half healed that he let out a scream... 
“Pishi-si-si-si-si-s-s-s-s-s-t! Pishi-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-s-s-t! Pisit, pisit, pishi-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-si-s-t!!!!”
The fellow began to spasm, writhing his body up and down and letting out a sound like a scream mixed with laughter.
‘…What the hell?’
This grotesque scene was enough to send a shiver down my spine, but it was just a hiccup from his head returning to normal.
“K-k-k-k! K-k-k-k-k! K-kaa-h-h-h! H-h-h-h-h-h!”
His scream returned to normal as if to prove that it was just a malfunction of his brain.
‘Okay, that should be enough.’
Thud-thud.
I gently tapped his cheek with my hammer.
“Can you hear me now?”
“…Uh, ah, uh-h-h.”
Hmm, his brain is functioning enough to speak, at least.
“If you can hear me, blink once.”
…Blink.
“Why only one eye? That’s creepy.”
Blink, blink.
“It’s not your will? Hmm… okay.”
Well, it doesn’t matter.
“Alright, I’m going to unseal your subspace. Commence.”
I got straight to the point, wanting to help the guy who looked in dire need of a rest, but he rejected me with a blink.
Blink, blink, blink, blink.
His left eyelid rapidly opened and closed.
“You’d rather die than give it up?”
“Uh, ah-uh… uh, uh-h-h…!”
“I can’t understand a word you’re saying, so talk with your eyes.”
When I said that in a nasty tone, his eyes went wild. He clearly didn’t want to die, but…
“Then what? Do you have something you want to say?”
…Blink.
“Okay, I’ll give you more potions. But if you can talk, you give me your subspace without complaint for the potion price, deal?”
Alright.
“Answer.”
…Blink.
He blinked once, slightly late, making it seem like he wasn’t really into my offer, but it was probably just my imagination. If a mute could speak, they’d think a thousand gold coins would be too cheap for it. This is a reasonable and fair trade.
Thud-!
Just in case his brain fully healed and he tried to run again, I crushed his two feet once more. 
Hiss-hiss-hiss-!
To ensure our deal, I poured some more high-grade potion on his head. His scream grew even more intense. Was his broken head gradually healing?
“………A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-ack! K-k-k-h-h-h-h-h… A-a-a-a-ack!!”
The Corpse Collector started to scream in a much more standard way than before.
Hiss-hiss-hiss-!
After about 10 minutes, he calmed down enough to have a conversation.
“Th… ”
“Subspace.”
“…..?”
“You have to keep your promise. Give me your subspace before we talk.”
“A-ah, I don’t have something like that-.”
“You just wasted our time.”
I spoke emotionlessly, slowly raising my hammer. He frantically waved his hands and shouted.
“I-I’ll give it to you!”
Well, about time.
“B-but, please keep the promise you made to give me a little time to talk… ”
“Don’t worry about that part.”
If he truly handed over his subspace willingly, I’d be generous enough to give him time to leave his last words.
“K-it’s done.”
As soon as he unsealed his subspace, a translucent bead emerged from his core, radiating light. 
On the surface, it looked ordinary, but upon closer inspection, you could see dozens of layers of tiny magic formations embedded within.
Wow, a subspace implant, not even a bracelet? That’s pretty expensive…
“You carry good stuff.”
“…. I-I got lucky and was able to obtain it.”
Is it true what they say? The bad guys are the ones who eat well and live well?
“Ah, you’ll need a magician to re-implant it later to open the subspace… ”
“I know, so you don’t need to explain it.”
“…”
“Alright, I’m giving you 10 minutes from now.”
I gave him a firm time limit, but I was curious. 
What would this guy say in those 10 minutes? Would he act remorseful and beg for his life? Or would he make a proposition?
The answer was completely different from my expectations. 
Before opening his mouth, he looked like a broadcaster waiting for the standby signal, focusing for a moment. Then, he…
“Pishi-si-si-si-si-si-si-t…”
He laughed like he was wearing the Jester mask. And…
‘…Laughing?’
As if he could hear my thoughts, he continued.
“Why, did you think I’d tremble and beg for my life?”
Uh… I can’t say I didn’t, but I’m too proud to admit it. I just kept quiet, and he laughed again.
“Pishi-si-si-si-si-si-si-t… You really surprised me! Bjorn Jandel, not only are you a player, but you’re also the Lion Mask!”
“…What are you trying to do?”
His theatrical tone made me unable to hold back. I asked him, and he chuckled again.
“What do you mean? I’m simply having my last conversation now that I’ve realized I’m going to die.”
Wow… this guy’s completely swallowed by his concept. I honestly thought it was fake madness, but now I see he wasn’t faking. 
And seeing that real madness, I was speechless.
“…You don’t care about your life?”
“Of course I do! But even if I confessed that, you wouldn’t spare me.”
…Well, that’s true.
But isn’t it normal for ordinary people to try?
“Pishi-si-si-si-si-si-si-t, I’m different from those ordinary people.”
“How?”
“Survival of the fittest is the law of nature. I have absolutely no intention of complaining about it.”
“So? Why did you ask for time to talk?”
“Just, wouldn’t it be more fun?”
Oh, I see… 
He doesn’t seem to have fully recovered yet. Yeah, that’s why he’s spouting nonsense like this 10 minutes before death… 
“Pishi-si-si-si-si-si-si-t…”
At that moment, I noticed a familiar emotion in the Jester’s grinning eyes.
‘…Huh?’
Fear, despair, regret, longing… the dark emotions any living being would feel in the face of imminent death.
“Why? Disappointed? That I’m not crying and begging?”
Upon closer inspection, his body was trembling slightly. I realized then…
“You’re trying to pretend to be alright.”
“…What do you mean? I really am fine. I was weak, and you were strong. So you have the right to enjoy your victory.”
“It’s better to be honest in the end.”
He deserved to die, but I gave him genuine advice. 
Everyone wears a mask. That’s not wrong. But even so, it’s better to take it off in the end, isn’t it? That was my thought, and the only kindness I could offer him in this situation. 
But…
“Pi-shi-si-si-si-t…”
Despite my advice, the fellow tried to force a fake smile.
Did my advice reach him at least a little?
“…It’s a world where it’s too difficult to be honest. Ah! Of course, that doesn’t apply to someone as strong as you. Pishi-si-si-si-si-si-t!”
Those words sounded much more truthful than the previous ones, about survival of the fittest, the law of nature, and having no intention of resisting.
‘Ugh, I’m losing it…’
I should have just killed him earlier. I thought that, but I still asked him…
“…Hey, what’s your real name?”
The Corpse Collector, Avet Necrapeto.
“Pishi-si-si-si-si-si-si-t, have you suddenly become interested in me?”
“Yeah.”
I’m interested in this guy.