## The Jester's Confession (Part 6)
“You’re suddenly curious about me?”
The question. It hung in the air, unanswered. I nodded, a single, unwavering affirmation. The creature in front of me, however, seemed to be thrown off balance by my response.
“Why are you reacting like that?” I wondered aloud. “If you’re curious, then ask. You wouldn’t have wasted your precious time on a pointless question, would you?”
I couldn’t understand his sudden hesitation, but his subsequent expression was far more disconcerting.
“... ”
Our eyes met, and he averted his gaze, seemingly embarrassed. 
“Are you blushing right now?”
An expression of disgust involuntarily contorted my features. The creature, sensing my reaction, hastily offered an excuse. 
“... Of course! Nobody’s ever asked about my… my real name before!”
The tone of his voice, like a child trying to desperately assert, "You're the first one!" filled me with an indescribable revulsion. I almost instinctively raised my hammer, but a superhuman effort of restraint prevented me from unleashing my fury.
“So, what’s your real name?”
“... ”
“Are you going to answer?”
“... Even threats won’t work! I’m already prepared for death!”
This little creep was getting on my nerves. As I continued to observe him, he once again shyly averted his gaze.
“So… I’m not saying this out of fear, you understand?”
What was he trying to achieve? He was going to tell me anyway.
As I stared at him, exasperated, a name with a distinctive English pronunciation escaped his lips.
“... Jester Arlecchino.”
“American?”
“Yes. My father was an Italian immigrant.”
Was that really necessary? TMI, for sure. Still, it was good that he was finally opening up.
“I see. How long have you been here?”
“... It’ll be nineteen years soon.”
“That’s a long time.”
“Heh… don’t pity me. I love this world! Even if someone offered to send me back, I wouldn’t go!”
He didn’t need to be pitied, not one bit. I wasn’t planning on going back either. Still, since we were on the topic, I asked him.
“What do you love so much about this world?”
“Here, I’m strong. This is a world of dreams where you can do anything to the weak.”
I didn’t find his words particularly convincing. It sounded more like a middle schooler pretending to be a psychopath.
“Sounds like your reality was a bit too mundane.”
The creature, hit right where it hurt, remained silent. I chuckled and continued,
“No offense. I was no different, honestly.”
Attempting to build some common ground, I spoke with rare candor. The creature’s eyes were filled with confusion.
“... You? Really?”
He questioned my statement with disbelief. I chuckled again, 
“Do you think someone who spent nine years playing a 2D game would have a great reality?”
“Ah…”
He let out a small sigh, seemingly convinced. Then, he cautiously asked,
“But are you really ‘Elfnuna’? The one who posted countless guides and information on Stone Even?”
“Yes, that’s me. I didn’t know I was so famous, not until I came here. Why is it so popular anyway?”
“Of course! Who hasn’t read your guides if they played [Dungeon and Stone]!”
“Oh… is that right…?”
I still couldn’t quite grasp the extent of its popularity. I had compiled those guides, the stat sheets, the skill sheets, the drop rates—it was all just for my own gameplay. I had shared them because I felt bad wasting all that time. It wasn’t anything extraordinary.
“It had very few views when I uploaded them, though.”
“It was a game with a relatively small player base, wasn’t it?”
“But everyone here knows about them?”
“Being dragged here means you were dedicated to the game. That’s why everyone here knows.”
Ah, that makes sense. 
Even if it was through a cheat version, the fact that they cleared the game means they must have been hardcore players. It’s very likely they came across my guides while searching for information.
“The ‘Elfnuna’ nickname became so popular because of the circumstances.”
“Circumstances?”
“Everyone here played on a cheat version. If a user cleared the original version and came here, everyone would unanimously claim that they were only ‘Elfnuna.’”
“... ”
“So the rumors were true after all. You’ve become so strong in such a short amount of time. I’m surprised.”
What was he talking about? He didn’t know anything.
I cut him off.
“Those rumors are only half true.”
“... What?”
“I did clear the original version, but I didn’t receive any special benefits.”
“... Then how did you—?”
“Nine years of playing the original version, that’s how.”
They were bound to know a lot more than the cheat version users. This was knowledge gained naturally, not a special privilege.
“My story’s over. Tell me about yourself.”
“... I don’t have to, you know? Heh.”
Oh, this kid again. He was going to tell me anyway.
“Did you start in Noark?”
“No, the Fifth Sector. I was the son of a general store owner. Heh… he was calling me his son even though I wasn’t his son anymore. It was such a funny sight!”
So much blabbering.
“Fine, when did you become an explorer?”
“About a month after I arrived. My parents helped me get some basic equipment and I entered the labyrinth.”
A month.
He definitely had it easier than I did. I had to endure a bloody initiation ceremony immediately after waking up, before being sent to the labyrinth.
‘…Well, it’s better than starting in Noark.’
In any case, the floodgates were open, and I quickly moved to the more important questions.
“When was your first kill?”
“Hmm… let me see… when was it? Ah! Five months after arriving here!”
“What was the relationship?”
“My first teammate! I met him through the Explorer Guild. Such a nice guy he was… ”
“Why did you kill him?”
“He tried to rape me in the labyrinth.”
... What?
“...?”
I was stunned by the unexpected and shocking motive. 
***
Silence hung in the air, heavy and strange. It was a peculiar silence that somehow made me chuckle.
“Heh heh, what’s with that look? Heh heh heh!”
“Just clarifying, was the victim a woman?”
“Of course not! He was much stronger than me. So, I pretended to be helpless, and then stabbed him in the neck with a dagger! Such a shame. If I could, I would’ve turned him into an undead and made him clean toilets forever!”
“... ”
“Well, thanks to killing him, I learned one thing for sure.”
“... What?”
“The answer is… money is made by killing people, heh!”
As the saying goes, hardship makes you strong.
He seems to have learned the same truth I had from Hans A, albeit five months later.
“It was simple after that… I showed off things that everyone would want, waited until their greed manifested, and then… bam!”
“... ”
“Thanks to that, I grew quickly, and when I became stronger, I didn’t have to resort to such tedious methods anymore. I just killed them!”
I understood how he came to be this way. He wouldn’t have been able to commit murder until five months after arriving, not if he had been a decent human being. His first teammate must have been a huge turning point, and the countless others who fell prey to his greed after that solidified his convictions.
“... ”
I didn’t feel sorry for him. I merely thought to myself,
What if his first teammate had been a different kind of person?
What if he had been someone decent, like Erwen, the dwarf, or Raven?
“Heh heh…”
But it was a pointless thought. 
What good was dwelling on the past?
Even notorious serial killers had an innocent babyhood. 
“Anyway, to summarize, you got caught as a demon, then Orculis offered you a job.”
“Heh heh, sure! I suppose you could say that!”
He had seemed so embarrassed at first, but he actually seemed to enjoy telling his story. He even provided details I hadn’t asked for. Thanks to that, I understood him better than I did before.
“When did you start using that annoying voice?”
“Hmm… I only used it within the Roundtable, to hide my true identity.”
“But you use it outside now.”
“Ah… I don’t know when I started. Hmm… I’m trying to remember…!”
He pondered for a moment before saying,
“Ah! I think it was when you appeared at the Roundtable!”
I was speechless.
“... ”
It seems like the Investigator’s appearance had really pushed his middle school angst buttons.
“So, what’s your goal?”
“Goal… you say?”
He seemed unsure about the unexpected question.
“You said you don’t want to go home. You don’t seem to have a grudge against the king like that Captain guy. And you don’t seem satisfied with your current life either.”
After I finished, he remained silent for a long time before finally speaking.
“I don’t have one.”
“You don’t?”
“Well, if I do, it’s probably to die a glorious death.”
That’s just like him.
“Last question.”
“Heh heh… already? I wasn’t so keen on this at first, but now I feel a little disappointed.”
“What did you mean by that?”
“What was I talking about?”
“What you said about this being a world where living honestly is too difficult.”
“... What can I say? It’s exactly what I meant. It’s such a harsh, cruel world!”
He seemed to hesitate for a moment before brushing off my final question with a playful response. I didn’t push further.
‘It’s probably a defense mechanism… ’
People with strong personalities and high self-esteem often have weak mental health.
That seems to be the case for this guy.
Like how clowns wear masks to hide their inner sadness, he hid behind his jester persona.
“Phew! I’m glad it’s over, though! It would’ve been a shame if I had to die without an audience, but hey, the hero of the city, a demon, ‘Elfnuna’, the one who cleared the original version… they’re the ones who kill me!”
This guy was still smiling confidently under his jester mask.
And I didn’t like it.
‘Now, what to do… This just isn’t enough… ’
After pondering for a moment, I offered him a proposition.
“You said your goal was to die a glorious death, right? Isn’t it a shame to die like an extra here?”
“... What are you trying to say?”
“I’ll give you the greatest stage you could ever want. Come with me.”
“... Ha ha ha, are you trying to lure me in?”
“You know Orculis doesn’t really have a thing for loyalty, right?”
“... Heh heh, that’s true, but…”
He seemed to be struggling with my proposition, furrowing his brows in an exaggerated manner.
But, of course, it was a pointless struggle.
His answer was already set in stone.
“Well… alright! I’m a little disappointed that you’re actually ‘Elfnuna’, but hey, you’re the Investigator, aren’t you?”
“Is that a yes?”
“... I’m curious about the expressions on the Captain’s face and the others when they see me betray them!”
He spoke like a hedonist, but I could sense a human emotion behind his words.
Relief.
Hope.
The intense joy of survival.
And…
“That would be quite entertain—.”
The utter betrayal of realizing it was all just a foolish hope.
Whack!
“... Wha—?”
He looked up at me, eyes filled with bewilderment, his head half-crushed by my hammer.
His soft expression, hidden behind the mask all this time, was now exposed.
“Whew, what a hit.”
Ah, that’s what I was looking for.
“Why… why…?”
He desperately sought an explanation.
I responded,
“Because it’s fun.”
Especially because it wasn’t a glorious death, not in the slightest.