The Last Stand of Sven Parav
Sven Parav wielded his greatsword, parrying blows with his shield.  He sometimes tumbled ignominiously across the ground, desperately dodging flashing blades.  “Aaack!” he screamed, a jarring cry escaping his lips when a blade, heavy with malice, pierced his flesh.  Sven Parav reflected that this story would never be told.  The heroes of tales were always strong, magnificent, and heroic; unlike him, weak and…
“Khahahat! Hey there, holy knight!  You look like you're having a whale of a time!” a voice jeered. “If you’re so miserable, why are you alone?” another voice chimed in.
The victors always had a tale to tell, because they lived to tell it.  Yes, that was it…
“Alright, alright, now go ahead and collapse!  Take a rest!”
His story would never be passed down, and that was precisely why he could afford to be pathetic.  With a *phwoot*, he coughed up blood-flecked phlegm in the enemy's face.  *Kwadangtangtang!*  He stumbled backward, his legs weakening, throwing whatever objects served as a barricade in front of him.  Simultaneously, he feigned a clumsy attack, driving his blade into an enemy’s throat.
“You cowardly bastard!”
“Says the guy ganging up on me.”
Surprisingly, this ruse worked well; perhaps because of its sheer childishness. It stopped working after a couple of tries, of course. He chuckled. Being alone, surprisingly, had its advantages.  The best of these advantages was undoubtedly this:  His heart pounded, a surge not of courage, but fear.
“Ugh, I really don’t want to die like this…” he muttered,  unburdening his fear without reservation. It wasn't a line a heroic figure would utter, but so what? He wasn't a hero.
“Die gracefully!”
Death terrified him above all else.
“But what can I do?  Dying alone is unbearable—"
“What are you mumbling about—”
“I’m taking you with me!” he snarled, revealing himself to be a petty villain, far more afraid of dying alone than anything else.  “Aaack!”
It was somewhat amusing.  He seemed to find himself stronger, fueled by his resentment at the unfairness of dying alone, rather than a noble desire to protect others. He didn't understand the reason; nor did he care.
“From now on, I'm your guide, you bastards!” He simply swung his sword.
[Sven Parav has cast [Twilight Compass].]
[All damage dealt is increased, but damage taken from the rear is also increased.]
He recklessly unleashed holy spells, unconcerned with how much divine power he had left.
[Sven Parav has cast [Unquenchable Flame].]
He set fire to the temple’s interior without hesitation. The temple’s enchanted holy magic only protected against external flames, leaving it vulnerable to internal fires. This, of course, wasn’t behavior befitting a holy knight. But…
‘I’m not a holy knight anymore.’
He had nothing to lose. Therefore…
“Aaack! You… you son of a…”  He freely employed techniques forbidden in any martial contest.
“…Bite their ears!” The memory struck him.  When he first entered the labyrinth, a goblin had bitten his neck exactly like that.
“Damn, that’s foul.” How could they do it so casually? Ah, it was for survival.  Just like him.
*Thuu-!*,  a thought born purely of free association, yet in the midst of this brutal brawl, he found himself pondering the differences between himself and a goblin.  Goblins – the 9th-grade humanoid monsters most frequently killed by, and most frequently killing, novice labyrinth explorers. Goblins walked on two legs. Goblins used tools. Goblins fought to survive. Goblins relied on instinct. And…
‘Ah, this is different.’
Goblins abandoned their comrades and fled when in danger.
*Hwalreuk-!* The temple’s interior was consumed by a searing white flame.
*Peoek-!* Sven Parav was struck on the head by a blunt weapon and fell.  And…
*Kwakjik-!* One more blow in his defenseless state.
“You… stubborn… bastard…”
His head swam as he was hit.
“Definitely… kill…”  His voice trailed off.
‘…End.’ The moment he realized this was the end,  he saw the half-destroyed statue of a goddess amidst the chaos, between the legs of his surrounding enemies and the raging flames. A sudden curiosity seized him.
‘I…?’ Where would his soul go? To Earth? To the afterlife as understood in Rafdonia?  If it was Earth, would it be hell? Or would he be reborn, as Buddhism dictates? What would guide his faithless soul?
His dying heart fluttered.
[…I will grant you power.]
What the hell was that?
“….”
“….”
He realized, belatedly, that everything around him had stopped. This was different from the slow passage of time experienced in hyper-focus. The raging flames no longer flickered. The floating embers were frozen in mid-air, and the nameless enemies who had relentlessly battered his head were motionless.
[…I will kill all those who tormented you, and I will give you the power to survive and achieve anything.]
He felt it instinctively. He didn't know who was speaking, but he knew that accepting the offer would make it so.  However…
‘I’ll become a monster.’ The speaker was an evil entity. A benevolent being wouldn’t urge someone to abandon their comrades and survive alone.
In response to his unspoken question, the entity didn't refute him. It simply countered with:
[How amusing. What is a monster?]
Hmm…
[If killing people defines a monster, then this world is a monster's paradise.]
It seemed a valid point.
[Listen. You are too weak to be called a monster, and too wicked to be called human.]
There was power in that voice. And therefore…
[Listen. You are someone who wishes to be guided, yet desires to forge your own path.]
Sven Parav chuckled upon hearing the next words.
[I will guide you.]
Regardless of the power behind the voice, it was no longer alluring. The reason was simple:
[I will show you the path you truly must walk.]
He already knew. Who owned that voice.
‘Karui.’  The ancient evil god didn’t deny it.
[…Take my hand.]  It uttered another resonant phrase, and Sven Parav responded internally.
‘No thanks.’ It was a refusal shorter than any other, and all the more powerful for it.
[…Your only path to survival is to become my servant.]
Yes, that’s right. Realistically, that was the most probable outcome.
[But why?]
Again, the reason was simple.
‘I just had a hunch.’ A strong hunch that he wouldn’t die even if he refused.
A strong instinct bloomed in his chest. But this time, it wasn’t from “someone.”  Like the instincts of ordinary people based on accumulated experience and memories, his was the same.
Remember what the clan leader said at that drinking party? Focus on what the enemy says, and do the opposite; you'll at least get half of it right.
And…
‘An ancient evil god whose followers have never had a good ending, and the hero of this city who writes legends while cherishing his comrades above all else.’  Whose advice should he take? It was obvious.
So…
‘Get lost. Out of my life.’  Sven Parav declared. The ancient evil god fell silent.  With everything frozen, the passage of time was imperceptible, but the silence wasn't long.
*Cijijik-!* Across the frozen world, a rift spread like a crack in a pane of glass.
*Swaaaaaaaaaa-!* A warm silver light poured through the fissure.
[A dawn breaks through the thick twilight, illuminating you.]
Starlight enveloped him with warmth.  Sven Parav instinctively understood.
[The mark of the evil god etched into the character's soul is completely erased.]
That entity was no longer there. As soon as he realized this, a benevolent voice, the opposite of Karui's, resounded.
[May this aid my knight on the path he chooses to walk.]
The very voice he’d heard in a dream before. The moment the voice echoed in his mind, boundless vitality coursed through his previously paralyzed body.
[Due to the (EX-grade) Recovery effect, the body is fully restored.]
[The character has acquired a new power.]
[0-grade Holy Spell [Star's Envoy] can be used.]
[The character's body temporarily possesses the direct power of a god.]
[Divine power permanently increases by +500.]
[The character permanently gains the “Holy Bone” bonus.]
Huh…  I don’t quite understand, but…I feel incredibly strong—
‘Alright, I need to dodge this first.’
Time resumed its flow.
*Hwooong-!* Sven Parav rolled to the side, avoiding a blow to the head. And…
“Wh-what?!”
“How…?”
“What was that light…?!”
The prey they thought they had captured had risen unharmed, leaving the enemies utterly confounded. Sven Parav smiled serenely.
‘…It pays to be good.’
Holy knights and priests receive holy spells from God upon accumulating enough “Merit.” Unlike mages, some have access to spells others do not. But that wasn’t important now.
‘A new holy spell…’ Holy knights and priests who receive holy spells naturally become aware of them, including their names.
‘…[Star’s Envoy],’ he mused. What kind of spell was it? He’d never heard of it before. Given it was given with a divine voice, it couldn’t be trivial. That’s why Sven Parav could laugh with so many enemies before him.
“Puhuhuhu…”
“…?”
Most of the enemies looked at him as if he'd gone mad, while a few more perceptive ones grew wary of his sudden change.
‘They're smarter than the others, but…’ He chuckled.
“You’ll pay for your sins.”
Sven Parav cast the holy spell, reciting the incantation aloud, as it was his first time using it.
“May the twilight star guide us…”
“….”
“[Star’s Envoy].”
The moment he invoked the power with unwavering resolve, a powerful silver light burst from his body.
*Swaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-!* The radiant, holy light caused the Noirarc forces to recoil in fear.
And…
‘…Huh?’ That was it.  *Hwooong-* The intense light quickly subsided, and the enemies remained.  His body didn't seem particularly stronger either.  What happened?
[The conditions for use have not been met.]
[Casting of the 0-grade Holy Spell [Star's Envoy] is cancelled.]
Sven Parav was at a loss. He could only conclude one thing.
‘…I’m screwed.’  Fortunately, the enemies seemed equally confused…
“…?”
“…?”
Despite a bead of sweat trickling down his temple, Sven Parav steeled himself.  He forced a smile and extended his sword.
“Huhuhu… Evil ones, hear me!”
“…?”
“I bestow my mercy upon you. This once, I will let you go. So, scram! Quickly!” He spoke in the most imposing voice he could muster, but the enemies remained confused, not terrified.
…Did I stutter at the end? He chided himself belatedly. The enemies had already noticed the truth.
“…Something didn't quite work, did it?”
“Ha… I was really surprised. I thought something big was coming.”
“I don't know how you recovered, but it’s just one of you.”
“Kill him again!!”
The enemies, having made their quick, accurate assessment, attacked simultaneously.
‘…What do I do now?’ Could he escape?  Honestly, it seemed difficult.  The first floor exit was packed with enemies, and reaching a second-floor window meant fighting through them all.
‘No, damn it…’  To be chosen by God and die here?  If this was going to happen, why didn't I just die heroically earlier?
Amidst this turmoil, an explosion rocked the room. The goddess statue shattered, revealing a subterranean passage.  And…
*[Gaaaaaaaaack-!!]* Something enormous emerged from below, roaring as it landed beside him.
*Kooong-!* Huh…? What was this…? It seemed to be trying to help him.
‘A bear (anthropomorphic) riding a bear…?’  His mind blanked as he processed this. The bear (anthropomorphic) riding the bear perked its ears and spoke:
“My wife owes you a debt. I’ve come to rescue you.”
“…Ah.”
“No need to refuse. Even if it weren't for my wife, if you're a comrade of Bjorn Jandel, you're a comrade of mine.” He didn’t understand the meaning, but one thing was clear:
“Come, let’s go. I’ll clear the path.”
…He lived.
***
[Avman Urikprift has cast [Hyper-Enhancement].]
[The effect of subsequent active skills increases drastically in proportion to willpower.]
[Avman Urikprift has cast [Penetration].]
[The penetration power of the next attack increases tenfold.]
[Avman Urikprift has cast [Giant Arrow].]
[The size of the next ranged projectile increases drastically.]
[Chulung Iradun has cast [Fire Bear Stance].]
[Receives an (Advanced) Repel bonus on all attacks.]
[Avman Urikprift has cast [Master of the Jungle].]
[Chulung Iradun's abilities increase drastically….]
[….]
***
He didn't speak to himself. Most of his self-talk was depressing, and it didn't change anything in reality; it only made him darker and gloomier. That’s why he didn't talk to himself; at least, he hadn't until now.
“This is maddening.”  For the first time in a long time, he muttered to himself. Before him lay a man, coughing up blood, yet clinging to life.
“I wish he’d just get up already…  but realistically, that’s unlikely.”
“Even knowing that, I find myself feeling resentful.”
“I…”
“I thought I had more time to talk…”
“But apparently not. Isn’t fate ironic?”
“Ugh… I feel like I keep becoming a pathetic human whenever I’m in front of you.”
He apologized to the man lying down.
“I’m sorry. I’m different from you.  You wouldn’t be agonizing over this.  Yet, I’m still undecided.”
The man closed his eyes, then opened them again.
“I suppose I have no choice.”  Though he knew the man couldn't hear him, he spoke anyway.
“Now, let’s go.” He needed to say this to avoid wavering. He needed to remain resolute until the very end.  He needed to know for sure.
“Creating a path is a first for me, I suppose... but what can I do?”
“….”
“I’m your guide, you know.”  He knew the right path; there was no other way.
“May the twilight star guide us…” Brown Rotmiller made his final decision.