Chapter 100, Rumors (2)
The day of the regular meeting arrived. For the first time in a while, the entire party gathered at a tavern. It wasn't our usual spot.
The dwarf, of course, had vehemently objected.
“[Let’s go elsewhere! That place has bad vibes for sure!]”
Apparently, he had an unsettling feeling about the place, having been apprehended by the Mozelans there on trumped-up charges of insulting nobility. 
Misha and Rotmiller readily agreed. Explorers tend to be superstitious. 
‘Well, I can't blame him…' 
‘A profession where bad luck means death makes you sensitive to these things.’
But…
‘Isn't this a bit excessive?’
I sighed.
I didn’t mind changing the venue for our drinking session. It was inconvenient, but it wouldn’t have any real-world repercussions. Unlike the bombastic declaration the dwarf just made.
“…Why are you silent?”
Seeing my silent sigh, the dwarf fidgeted and began to look at me.
Yes, he still has some conscience.
“Give me a moment. I’m thinking.”
“Y-yes, of course.”
A heavy silence settled over the gathering. I quietly sorted my thoughts.
“Let’s get this straight. You guys aren't going on this expedition, are you?”
We were meeting to finalize our plans with ten days remaining until the dungeon opened. The dwarf had declared his refusal to participate.
It wasn’t just his opinion either. It seemed they had discussed it beforehand, as Rotmiller and Dwarlkey were of the same mind.
“Khhm! Where there’s smoke, there’s fire, as they say.”
“Given the circumstances, it’s best to observe for a month or so.”
It wasn't a boycott or anything. Just three out of five team members refusing to participate. 
The reason is simple. Rumors of an impending dimensional collapse had been circulating, making them anxious. 
That’s how people are. Even if you logically believe it won’t happen, if the surrounding atmosphere suggests otherwise, you’re easily swayed.
“All the comrades we used to work with are also skipping this time.”
“It’s better if you rest as well, isn’t it? You can easily afford next year’s taxes, can’t you…?”
“If it actually happens, that’s the end of everything!”
At first, they started with an apologetic tone, but now they’re even worrying about me.
“…Bjorn, what are you going to do?”
Misha cautiously asked about my intentions.
Honestly, persuading them wouldn't be difficult. If I discreetly hinted at what I learned from the Ghostbusters, they’d change their minds with time. 
But…
‘There’s no need to do that, really.’
Thinking about it, it’s not a bad thing. 
It’s been over three months since we visited the ‘Bloodstained Fortress’.
‘It’s actually good timing. I was planning to go into the dungeon alone soon, anyway.’
It’s standard practice to clear the first-floor rift whenever the cooldown is ready.
“If you’re all thinking that way, then it’s unavoidable. We’ll go into the dungeon just the two of us this time.”
“Eh? Me, too?”
“Did you think I was going to leave you behind?”
“W-well, no, but… ”
No, you were.
It’s obvious from your face you don’t want to go.
“If you’re so worried, just stay behind— ”
“Oh, you barbarian! First, you have to ask nicely! Maybe even try being a little prettier with your words!”
Prettier?
Hmm…
“…Will you come with me?”
“Tsk, am I going to leave you alone?”
I don’t know what to make of it…
“Okay, that settles it then.”
The decision was made. I’m entering the rift this time.
***
“Extra! Extra!”
Coincidentally, the very next day after the dwarf declared his refusal, a public notice was posted throughout the city.
It was an official proclamation from the royal family stating that rumors of a dimensional collapse were false and unsubstantiated.
‘It happened just as he said.’
The notice also mentioned the Tarutein School.
Did they, blinded by their research, intentionally spread these rumors?
I was a little surprised. 
I paid 40,000 GP for that information, but to be able to foresee the situation this accurately…
“Haha! Bjorn! Did you see this?”
Anyway, the dwarf came looking for me in the evening. With a beaming face, he revoked his previous declaration, saying he could now enter the dungeon.
But what a coincidence.
I’ve already decided which rift to enter.
“What? You want to go together? I can't, I’ve already accepted a request!”
“Huh? A request?”
I recited the prepared answer.
I explained that there was no way we’d earn much if Misha and I hunted together.
That I had accepted a request.
A security detail within the dungeon, requiring me to stay by their side until we return to the city.
“Maybe you can… decline it?”
“I’ve already received the advance payment. You want me to break my promise?”
“W-well, not exactly…”
A perfect answer, leaving no room for negotiation.
The dwarf had no choice but to shrug and leave.
What else could he say?
After all, the reason for this whole situation was his refusal to participate in the first place. 
‘Sigh, seeing him like that makes me feel sorry for him.’
Even if this hadn't happened, I would have found an excuse to slip away with Misha. 
There’s no way five of us could enter the rift. 
Besides the increased loot, the risks we’d have to take would increase as well.
‘It’s the right thing to do though.’
I tried to push away any lingering regrets.
I wouldn't open my ‘hidden pieces’ to the other three, not even to Dwarlkey and Rotmiller. I could do that for Misha, who is more than just a teammate, someone I trust completely.
Thump.
As soon as the dwarf left and the door closed, Misha came running over.
“A security detail? When did you accept that?”
“Don’t worry about it. I just made it up.”
“Made it up?”
Misha tilted her head, not understanding.
I told her the truth.
I’m going into the rift on the next expedition.
There are ways that most people don't know.
“No way, did you learn that in the library?”
“Well, something like that.”
“Hmm… But why are you keeping it a secret from Hicurod? Wouldn’t it be good to go together?”
Such a pure question.
I smirked and asked back.
“Misha, have you ever told anyone about the Frost Spirit Ring you made a contract with the Soul Weaver?”
“Huh? No?”
“Really? No one at all?”
“You told me to keep it a secret.”
“I did.”
I nodded and continued.
“But what if it was Hicurod? What do you think would have happened? Do you think he’d have kept his word if I asked him the same thing?”
Misha pondered for a moment and shook her head.
“…Hicurod would probably blab it out after getting drunk.”
“What about Dwarlkey and Rotmiller?”
“Hmm… Dwarlkey would probably slip up even sober, and Rotmiller… I don’t know.”
Do people have similar judgment? 
Misha's prediction surprisingly matched what I’d been thinking to myself. 
Except for Rotmiller.
‘Actually, that guy is the easiest to read.’
Rotmiller would have kept the secret. And he’d have secretly wondered how I knew that information, thinking I was suspicious.
“Ah! So that’s why you kept it a secret!”
Finally, Misha seemed to understand what I was trying to say.
But maybe she had another question.
“What about me? Why are you telling me?”
There are several reasons.
Misha is surprisingly meticulous and keeps her mouth shut.
Yet, she’s inherently incapable of lying.
That’s why just asking me like that lets me check in real-time if the secret has been spread or not.
But…
One word should be enough this time.
Because I’m a Barbarian.
“You’re someone I can trust.”
“…Hic!”
Misha started hiccuping.
***
Eight days remaining until the dungeon opens. 
Time flew by as I diligently completed my tasks.
Here’s a quick summary…
Day One.
Since the rift was our destination, there were quite a few things to prepare.
First, equipment.
“[Buying equipment again?]”
“[It’s not buying, it’s enchanting.]”
I imbued my mace and Misha's dual swords with elemental attributes.
“Lightning energy infuses the equipment.”
“A portion of the damage inflicted by this equipment will be converted to lightning damage.”
A combined cost of 600,000 stones.
It’s only a temporary enchantment, lasting 30 days, but since we were going into the rift as a duo, this investment wasn’t a waste.
“[If we’re going to do it anyway, shouldn’t we make it permanent?]”
“[That would’ve cost twenty times more.]”
“[….]”
I also purchased some consumables: Thunder Herbs, Lightning Scrolls, etc., all related to lightning properties.
It only cost about 300,000 stones, but these weren’t in high demand, so I had to visit several shops.
Oh, and lastly…
“[Are you really buying this expensive thing?]”
“[We bought an expandable backpack, why are you making a fuss about this?]”
“[But this is a consumable! It disappears after use!]”
After much deliberation, I purchased a top-tier potion.
The price tag was 1,030,000 stones. 
However, the top-tier potion shouldn’t be considered an investment in the rift. It’s just something I’ve been wanting to stock up on for a while, and now I finally decided to splurge.
For an explorer without a priestess, a top-tier potion is another life.
“[You won’t think about the money when you actually need it.]”
“[Yeah, but….]”
“[We’re splitting the cost anyway, so it’s not that big a deal, right?]”
By the way, the total cost of 2,000,000 stones was withdrawn from our shared account.
“[Ugh, are we done spending money now?]”
“[You’re done for now, anyway.]”
“[…?]”
Day Two.
I headed straight to the holy site early in the morning. 
The deputy leader welcomed me, just like last time.
“[Bjorn, son of Yandell! I’ve heard about your exploits! You’re truly remarkable! To earn a new title like ‘Knight Shatterer’!]”
Unlike my brief visit last time, the deputy leader praised me for a long time. 
Rumors about me had already spread throughout the holy site, and young warriors were brimming with enthusiasm, apparently?
Anyway, it was meaningless chatter, so I just answered vaguely and headed towards the shaman’s tent.
And then…
“[Kkk, you’re a clever warrior. To earn so much money in just two months.]”
I paid a whopping 4,000,000 stones to activate the Undead Inscription to level 4.
“[Undead Inscription level 4 activated. Mental and Soul Strength increased.]”
“[Mental stat increased by +30.]”
“[Ability stat increased by +10.]”
My entire fortune earned from the Baron incident went up in smoke… 
But it was a good investment in the end.
Besides the ‘Mental Strength’ bonus, providing resistance to mental magic and status effects, ‘Soul Strength’ is basically irreplaceable, except for leveling up and certain essences.
Day Three.
I returned to the dormitory practically dead and passed out. When I woke up, I checked the changes in my MP.
The duration of ‘Enlargement’ has increased by 1.5 times.
“[Why are you out here so early in the morning? Go wash up. Let’s eat first.]”
Just in time, Misha arrived, and we had a simple breakfast. 
It’s become a daily routine since when.
“[You’re going to the library? Can I go with you?]”
“[You…? ]”
“[What’s with that expression! I sometimes want to read books too!]”
After breakfast, Misha and I went to the library.
But why?
“[Parcityev.]”
Laguna used the regular “[Book Detection]” spell. 
Not the “[Special Book Detection]” spell.
I asked him because it seemed strange, and I received an even stranger reply.
He explained that he’d be doing it ‘specially’ and in secret, so he can’t use it in front of others. 
“[Well, if that’s the case, shouldn’t you whisper it to me?]”
“[Yeah, I suppose. Was it Mr. Kalstain? Please try to forget what you just heard.]”
What?
I didn’t want to think about it, so I just went inside with Misha and read a book.
Day Four.
I visited the magic tower and helped Raven with his research.
This was my last assistance, by the way.
I had completed all the required times. 
I won't have to come here every week anymore.
“[Thank you for your hard work.]”
“[You’re welcome.]”
“[Geez, you really… Anyway, don’t die, okay?]”
Being a business relationship, the farewell was short. 
Unexpectedly, however, Raven didn’t take back my magic tower pass.
“[If something happens, come by. But that doesn’t mean you should come here whenever you want and be a nuisance… You know what I mean? Yandell seems to get involved in strange things often. I’m curious about your progress, anyway.]”
“[Got it.]”
On my way out, I crossed paths with the old man, who was surprisingly uninterested in me. 
Not anger or despair, but…
Complete indifference.
I finally realized one thing.
This old man had suspected me of being a demon from our first meeting. 
That’s why he pretended to be friendly back then.
Day Five, Day Six, Day Seven.
The following days were uneventful.
I had breakfast with Misha in the morning, trained with her in the afternoon, and spent the evenings reading at the library.
And now, we’re here.
“Please step aside!”
Finally, the moment we’ve all been waiting for.
Whoosh!
A dazzling radiance erupted from the center of the Dimensional Plaza, where countless explorers were gathered.
“Yandell, son of Yandell! Thanks for the advice you gave me earlier! I’ll be heading in first!”
“Behellaaaaaaaaaaa!”
As soon as the city and dungeon were connected, a group of barbarians close by rushed towards the portal.
He even gave thanks.
Why are our barbarians so polite?
“Haha! To have a good senior like you, how lucky those youngsters are.”
“I simply showed them the way.”
“Aw, don’t be shy.”
By the way, the dwarf, Rotmiller, and Dwarlkey are all standing next to me now. They’re going in together, as they can't let a month go to waste. 
“Be careful. If someone acts friendly, make sure to be suspicious.”
“Haha! Do I look like one of those young barbarians to you?”
…Kind of.
Well, with Rotmiller there, they’ll be fine. 
They’re only going to stay on the second floor, so it shouldn’t be too dangerous for the three of them. 
“We should be heading in soon as well… Are you guys not going in?”
“Ah, we’re still waiting for our client.”
“I see. Then, see you tomorrow… or later!”
Anyway, after a brief farewell, the three of them entered the dungeon. I, however, remained where I was, watching the people leave.
Misha looked at me, confused.
“Bjorn, aren’t we going in?”
“Wait a minute.”
“Huh? How long?”
Oh, for goodness sake… That’s why newbies are newbies.
Just wait if I tell you to wait.
“[Entered the first-floor Crystal Cave.]”
Then, the experience will be copied, right?
***
“[Bjorn Yandell]”
Level: 4 (New +1)
Body: 330 / Mind: 154 (+30) / Ability: 128 (New +13)
Item Level: 828
Overall Combat Power: 865 (New +43)
Acquired Essences: Corpse Golem - Rank 7 / Vampire (B) - Rank 5 / Orc Hero - Rank 5 