Chapter 101 Rumor (3)
Darkness descended upon us as we entered the Labyrinth. Quickly pulling out a torch, I illuminated the surroundings and placed my hand on the tombstone in front of me. 
"Goodness, how long has it been?"
Huwooong-! 
The tombstone, untouched by any hands. 
From it, a radiant, multicolored light emanated.
And an odd, familiar sensation pricked at my heart, the sensation of getting something for nothing.
"You opened a portal just now? Didn't you?"
"What, what? Are you sure you opened a portal?"
I'd never known about this incredible bug.
I repeated the explanation I'd given Ainarr before.
"Dimensional instability? That's what happens when you use that?"
Unlike Ainarr, who had given up on understanding, Misha at least tried to comprehend. 
Of course, there was no chance of that happening.
Even I could barely explain the true mechanism.
I was merely taking advantage of a "phenomenon" that I had stumbled upon.
"...Lotmiller is pitiful."
"What?"
"If he found out about this method... He'd feel incredibly empty. Just like I did when I made a contract with a Soul Eater using that ring."
Ah, so that's what she meant.
She'd said he was pitiful without any context, and I was wondering what she meant.
It's true that Lotmiller would feel a sense of immense deprivation if he learned about this exploit.
"Even if not now, maybe one day I'll be able to open a portal myself through hard work. That's my dream as an Explorer."
As he had cautiously revealed during a drinking session, he was truly dedicated to his career as an Explorer.
It wasn't even an empty dream.
His pathfinding abilities were truly exceptional.
Though I couldn't say about other floors, he was ranked high in the first floor, where he was fanatically devoted. Perhaps if he could shave off just another two hours, he could achieve his dream.
It wouldn't be easy, though.
"Well, let's go up for now." 
Anyway, enough with the idle chatter. 
I stepped into the portal with Misha.
"You have entered the 2nd floor, Rocky Desert."
Sand crumbled under my feet, a constant reminder of its presence.
Hot air rose from below.
The flickering torch cast shadows across the stone ruins, revealing the pitch black darkness.
"Rocky Desert."
Ugh, why here?
I led Misha back down to the first floor. 
Following the compass, we headed east.
"It's the complete opposite side, so we'll be walking for at least two days."
If we had entered the Labyrinth normally, it would have taken us a day, regardless of the destination...
But hey, there's always a price to pay for gains.
Moreover, the experience points earned by opening the portal are only 2, but they are of a type that stacks permanently.
If I can get it for just one extra day of walking, it's an absolute win.
"Ugh, it really feels like Lotmiller's absence is a void. It's like there's a big empty spot."
"...."
After about three hours, we escaped the outer darkness. Despite using the compass, we frequently took wrong turns, bumping into dead ends. 
"At least it's nice walking together, right?"
"What are you saying?"
"I mean, it's good to have five of us being noisy, but this isn't bad either."
I didn't understand what she meant at first, but as I listened, I started to get it.
The dwarf and the Dwalki were way too talkative. 
It's true that I sometimes cracked a smile, but mostly, listening to them drained my energy.
"Gik!"
After escaping the dark zone, we walked through a crystal cave with soft, gentle light, and monsters kept attacking.
The appearing monsters in this western region were Gnomes.
As 9th-grade monsters, they were easily defeated with a single strike.
"Gik...?!"
The mud figures vanished into oblivion with a single mace strike. Catching them wasn't the issue, it was just annoying.
The Gnome's active skill is [Assimilation].
It's a stealth skill, so you can only see them if you're within a 3-meter radius.
"If Lotmiller were here, he would have wiped them out as soon as he saw them."
Maybe it's because we were used to operating as a party of five. 
The dwarf is one thing, but I miss that guy. You could say he was a reliable jack-of-all-trades, always silently doing his job.
Oh, and Dwalki too.
If she were here, I wouldn't have to collect the magic stones myself.
"Bjorn, there's someone coming...!"
As I was lost in thought, Misha tapped my waist and whispered softly.
The beastman, known for his keen senses, had sensed someone before I did.
"What should we do?"
What can I do?
They must have already noticed us from afar.
Click, click.
Soon, a five-person party appeared from the front.
A regular party consisting of a mage and a cleric.
They were explorers who reached this place in just 3 hours, so their equipment was impressive.
"...At least they're level 6."
I don't know what kind of essence they have.
But the level 3 and 4 materials adorning them from head to toe attested to their level.
Equipment is like a status symbol for explorers.
But I wonder if it's the same for them.
"Hmm."
A look of doubt and suspicion flickered in their eyes as they passed.
It's understandable.
They wouldn't expect to encounter a barbarian and a beastman wearing mere level 2 material equipment here, especially at this time.
"Please, just let them pass."
Luckily, they didn't approach us and simply passed by. 
It's not that my desperate plea was answered... 
They simply didn't have time to engage.
"Revlon, let's pick up the pace."
"As you wish."
They were speed runners, so I was grateful.
For whatever reason, they must have thought that the other competitors were ahead of us since we were coming from the portal.
"You know they're the fastest, right?"
I know they're the frontrunners since they've been backtracking from the portal.
Well, even if they get there first, they'll probably just find a portal that's already open.
"Wow, those guys are really running!"
It was Misha's first time seeing explorers in action, so she was amazed.
Even though they were in sight for less than 2 seconds, it was quite a sight to behold.
"What are you looking at? It's something we'll have to do someday."
"...Us?"
Misha tilted her head.
I mean, even if I say it, it wouldn't feel real, would it?
She's a half-breed who hasn't even been able to make a Soul Eater contract, so her family thinks she's a failure.
"You know, Bjorn, you really have big dreams. Is it because you're a barbarian?"
"...Are you being sarcastic?"
"Silly! I meant it was cool!"
"Ahem."
...She's too blunt sometimes.
Does she even know what a barbarian is?
***
"Did you see that sword that the swordsman was wearing?"
"You mean the sword made of Orichalcum?"
"Yeah, that one! It's definitely Orichalcum! I wonder how much it would cost to make a weapon with that... "
Misha continued to talk about the party she'd encountered earlier.
She seems to be fascinated by high-ranking explorers.
Well, it's a much more positive emotion than jealousy or arrogance... 
But longing alone won't get you anything.
"Stop talking and move your feet."
"Humph, as if anyone would think I'm standing still."
Anyway, as we continued eastward, we encountered more explorers.
Initially, it was mostly high-ranking explorers like the party we saw earlier, but as time passed, their level gradually decreased. 
I took out my watch.
[18:57]
It's been 19 hours since the Labyrinth opened.
It means we've been walking almost all day.
As a result, we finally reached the starting point, the center of the first floor crystal cave.
So we no longer have to worry about attracting the attention of high-ranking explorers with our suspicious presence...
But... 
I never thought about this.
"Did you see that? What a giant mace..."
"And it looks like a backpack with expandable space."
Explorers cast envious glances our way as we passed by.
Well, I guess it would look strange.
We look like we should be hunting on much higher floors, yet we're right in the heart of the first floor.
"Why are those guys still here..."
It was almost dinner time, when we usually find a nighttime companion for rest.
Whenever a group of 3 or 4 explorers passed by, they all muttered something. 
It felt strange.
"I used to be like them."
When I first entered the Labyrinth.
I used to find a nighttime companion like they did.
The problem is, the first one I met was Hans A.
"Why are you laughing suddenly?"
"I just remembered something."
To be precise, I remembered myself desperately pretending to be asleep, exhausted, with Hans A by my side.
I really went through all sorts of hardships before meeting Erwen.
"Hey, I wonder how she's doing."
With her silver spoon, she must be doing well, but I suddenly got curious.
She was my first companion in this world.
Maybe I should look her up and visit her sometime.
While I was thinking about it, I caught sight of a man.
He wasn't doing anything particularly noticeable...
"Ugh, he has an awful way of looking at people." 
I don't know if I should say he has bad eyes...
I can feel jealousy and greed in his gaze as he looks at me.
But for some reason, I wanted to laugh.
"I've grown a lot."
If it had been me before, I would have been tense, assuming the worst after that glance.
But I've changed a lot since then.
Not to say I've softened...
Heh. 
I'm not scared of goblins anymore.
Well, he's not a goblin, but...
If we're talking about fighting power, there's not much difference.
No matter how pessimistic I am.
I can't imagine myself getting stabbed to death by that crappy sword.
Yeah... I'm sure that's true...
"Why do I feel so irritated by him?"
I needed to check it out.
"You."
I stopped walking and looked at him.
He jumped slightly from his position leaning against the wall and stood up.
His suspicious gaze is now full of apprehension.
"Do you have something to say to me?"
"Uh, no... ?"
"Then why are you looking at me like that?"
"...Sorry."
The man apologized, and Misha thumped my waist with her fist.
"Bjorn! Why are you suddenly doing this? What did he do wrong...?"
It feels like I've seen this scene before on the street. A gangster harassing a passerby, and his girlfriend trying to stop him.
No, but this guy's eyes were just so irritating!
"What's your name?"
"I'm Hanst Ivan."
"Hanst? You mean Hans?"
The man trembled at my question. 
It must have been humiliating for him to be messed with by a barbarian out of the blue. 
But this is crucial.
"Are you really Hanst? You're not mistaken or anything?"
"I, I'm really Hanst..."
Hmm, so it was just my imagination?
As I pondered for a moment, the man added nervously.
"Actually, I used to be Hans, but it was too common a name, so I changed it."
"...What?"
Damn it, no wonder I felt irritated.
Even if he changed his name, I'll leave him alone and just go on my way. 
Oh, but I need to give him some advice.
"Don't ever go back to your old name. Keep living as Hanst. Understand?"
"Ye, yes, sir."
Hanst nodded vigorously.
At that moment.
Drrrdrdrdrdr.
The cave started to shake as if an earthquake had occurred.
Misha looked at me, confused.
"Bjorn?"
She looked at me for answers. 
Of course, I know the answer. 
There's only one thing in the Labyrinth that causes this phenomenon.
"Run!"
The fissure is about to open.
And that too, before even a day has passed. 
"Damn it."
I know, not many people know this, but a fissure doesn't naturally form until at least the third day.
This means...
"Who the hell is it?"
Someone beat me to it. 
Someone used the same method I was planning to use. 