Chapter 12, Second Floor (2)
I had expected a portal to appear.
Naturally.
The fact that I had encountered the blond party, a group of high-ranking adventurers, was proof that there was a second-floor portal in the direction I had come from.
That's why I had followed the trail of blood with certainty, after discovering it.
But this was something I hadn't anticipated.
I never imagined that a portal would be located less than 10 meters from the starting point.
“Damn it.”
Memories of my days crawling around on three limbs unfolded like a panorama.
Just how unlucky am I?
If I had just walked a few steps in the opposite direction, I could have activated the portal and secured light.
Then I could have seen that goddamn trap and avoided it!
“Sir, please tell me. Don’t just make that scary face. If I’ve done something wrong, I’ll fix it... ”
But what is she talking about?
Ah, it's because of me.
I’ll just brush her off, it's a hassle.
“Don’t worry. I was just reminiscing.”
“Oh...”
Eirwen looks at me, relieved, then gazes at me with pity. I couldn't believe it.
The trail of blood, bread crumbs, sandals, the expression I was making.
She had deduced what happened to me on my first day from just these circumstances? Her?
“Surely, that person went to a good place.”
Of course, that’s not true. I believed it.
“Yes… thank you.”
From the way she's talking, it seems she thinks I'm reminiscing about a lost companion or something...
But I don’t feel the need to correct her.
It’s too long a story to explain bit by bit.
More than anything, I feel like I’d burst into rage if I were to tell someone.
So let's just bury this story.
“Are you ready to head up?”
“To be honest, I’m still scared, but I feel like I won't die if I’m with you.”
If you think about it, she has this strange habit of talking in long sentences. A simple ‘yes’ would do.
“Then let’s go.”
“Yes…”
The moment Eirwen and I entered the portal, our vision turned white.
Like the light emanating from a monitor.
Flash!
[00:57]
It’s been just over four days since we entered the maze.
「You have entered the Goblin Forest on the second floor.」
I have reached the second floor.
***
If someone were to ask me how I feel right now, I would say this.
I feel like I've been tossed around for a while inside a giant frog's mouth, then spit out.
“Ah!”
My body floats in the air as if thrown off something.
I didn’t scream as pathetically as Eirwen, but looking at the results, she fared better than me.
Thump!
While I landed on my rear with a dull thud, Eirwen managed to maintain her balance and land safely.
“Wow, that was scary. Even my sisters haven’t said things like that to me.”
I'm realizing this again, but she really is physically strong.
It's an agility that a Barbarian can’t possess.
“Sir, is this the second floor?”
“Yes.”
“Hmm, I didn’t hear anything about a forest. Are you sure?”
“The stories you’ve heard probably refer to a different second floor.”
“A different second floor?”
Don't fairies share information about the maze properly? Why doesn’t she know this?
“There are four portals in each direction, east, west, south, and north, on the first floor, and the places they connect to vary depending on the area.”
“Oh, I think I remember that now!”
…She just forgot.
I looked at her with disdain, and Eirwen opened her mouth, flustered.
“Oh, the third floor! No matter what path you take, from the third floor, everything connects again. Right?”
She seems to want to show off her knowledge.
I nodded in agreement, and Eirwen smiled with satisfaction.
I’m slowly getting a feel for how to deal with her.
“So, what do we do now?”
“Wait. I’m thinking.”
First, I calmly checked out the surrounding terrain.
I need to see how it's different from the game, and what’s the same.
For example, like how I flew about 3 meters when I entered through the portal just now.
These are the things that I couldn’t understand from beyond the monitor.
“Hmm.”
I once again surveyed the area.
Behind me is the portal that allows me to go back to the first floor at any time, and within a radius of about 50 meters, there are no living creatures.
Well, I don’t know about inside the trees further away.
“Is there anything I can help you with?”
“Just stay put.”
The second floor map is a forest.
The surrounding area is as dark as night, but thanks to the lights scattered like the Milky Way in the sky, I have some visibility.
It's about as bright as an alleyway without streetlights.
However, it won’t get brighter as time passes and become daytime.
This is inside the maze.
That’s not actually the sky, but just the ceiling located high up, right? Well, there are floors where there is a real sky and sun.
“Let’s start moving.”
“Huh? Where are we going?”
“We’re going to explore the nearby area, centering on this location.”
I’ve had a rough plan in mind since the first floor.
But there are a few things I need to verify to see if this will actually work.
So, let’s start with what I can see.
Wham!
I immediately swung my hammer at a tree on the outskirts of the clearing, and Eirwen flinched.
“What are you doing?”
“I wanted to see if it’s possible to knock down a tree.”
“Why are you checking that?”
“I was thinking of building a fence around the portal.”
“Hmm, I see.”
Eirwen nods in understanding.
She's so annoying, having to explain everything.
“Anyway, that plan is off.”
Eirwen didn’t ask why.
Of course, she has eyes.
Even though I hit it with all my might, the tree only had some bark chipped off.
What kind of tree is this? It’s rock.
“So what’s the next plan?”
“As planned, we’ll search this area. And from now on, you’ll lead the way.”
“…Me?”
I’ve decided not to entertain questions.
“Your job is to find traps as you go, and be wary of enemies, keeping your presence to a minimum. Those are the two things you need to do.”
“…It’s role division. I understand.”
Surprisingly, Eirwen readily accepted her assigned role.
But why do I feel a little disappointed?
Is it because I’ve already prepared everything I needed to say to persuade her?
“Still, it feels kind of nostalgic being in the forest. Even knowing there are only monsters.”
Eirwen walks down the forest path, saying something I completely fail to understand.
“Oh, there’s no trap, but just in case, please stick to the path I walk on.”
What? Her? I suddenly feel a sense of security.
She was confidently walking without fear of traps.
Soon, Eirwen murmured softly.
“There’s a trap.”
I can’t see it.
“If you look over there, you’ll see it hidden under the leaves.”
I can’t see it no matter how she tells me.
Then Eirwen picked up a pebble and threw it.
Clang!
It really was there.
How can she spot it from this distance in such darkness?
Even though I knew about the fairy's detection ability beforehand, I’m just amazed by seeing it with my own eyes.
There was a reason why you were confidently striding ahead.
“What do you think?”
“You throw pebbles well.”
“…That’s all?”
“What else do I need?”
This is my chance. Eirwen’s shoulders, which had been stretched out, slumped.
It’s the perfect timing to give her a carrot.
Subtly, so it's not too obvious.
“Finding traps was a skill I was expecting from you from the beginning. You're already a proper explorer. Don't get too excited over something so obvious.”
“Hmph…”
She's pretending not to, but I can clearly see her shoulders twitching slightly from behind.
Thanks to this, I’ve got the hang of it.
I think I can handle her like this from now on.
“But you're saying I’m playing my part as a proper explorer, right?”
“Yes.”
Even though the distribution is 9:1.
Anyway, the “One Warrior” variation that our chieftain particularly favored seems to be working better than expected.
“It’s strange. No matter how hard I listen, I don’t think there are any goblins around.”
That’s obvious.
The second floor is different from the first floor. Just because there’s a trap doesn’t mean there are goblins nearby. Traps on the second floor are simply considered to be topographical features.
They’re everywhere you go.
“Stop chatting and focus.”
“Yes.”
I re-tightened my loosened nerves and began to explore this vicinity.
This is where the game called the “Goblin Forest.”
In addition to the traps, the goblins usually gather in groups of ten or more.
Occasionally, a variant, a goblin warrior or goblin archer, will appear.
Of course, if you go further out, the variants increase in number, and higher-level monsters appear, but…
We’re only planning on hanging around the entrance, near the portal, so it’s nothing we need to worry about.
“There’s nothing around here for now.”
We had finished searching within a radius of 200 meters centered on the portal.
We found countless traps, but no goblin groups.
“What should we do?”
“We’ll remove all the traps in this area, then gradually expand the range.”
We expanded our territory by removing traps from a distance using pebbles.
If something dangerous happens, we need to escape to the first floor.
If we trip over a trap while running, it’s game over.
Just as we expanded the radius to over 500 meters,
“Sir.”
Eirwen stopped and spoke in a whisper.
I also held my breath.
“There’s a goblin group.”
“How many are there?”
“I don’t know. There are definitely more than ten… ”
“How far?”
“About 50 meters. They don’t seem to have noticed us yet. What should we do?”
What is she saying?
“Fight.”
Eirwen didn’t argue with my words. She knows it, even though she’s a little scared.
There’s no other choice but to fight.
If she didn't want to fight, she shouldn’t have entered the maze.
“How close can we get without being detected?”
“If it was just me, I think I could get within 30 meters. It's impossible further than that. Goblins have a sharper sense of smell than you think.”
“I see.”
After a brief moment of contemplation, I decided to go ahead with the plan I mentioned earlier.
With that, Eirwen slowly walked towards the group of goblins, pushing through the bushes.
Is that what a fairy is?
It’s amazing to see her walk through the bushes without making a rustle.
“…….”
Soon, Eirwen stopped.
She looked back at me, and after I nodded, she turned around, drew an arrow, and shot it.
Whiz!
Did it hit?
I don't know.
It’s too far away to hear the sound of it hitting.
I hope it went straight through her forehead again.
Thud! Thud! Thud!
From the moment the arrow was shot, I ran straight towards Eirwen.
“Grrrr!!!”
“Rrrrrrr!!!”
While the goblins, all riled up, were running towards us, Eirwen calmly prepared her second shot.
Whiz!
As always, her rate of fire is insane.
I couldn't feel this at all while watching it as a game.
Splat!
One of the goblins running towards us collapsed.
The hit wasn't on her forehead, it was her neck.
Well, even if she's a fairy, it would be difficult to hit a moving target from that distance with perfect accuracy.
“Eirwen, fall back.”
“Yes!”
Without hesitation, Eirwen retreated and disappeared from my sight.
Now, all I can see in front of me are the goblins rushing towards me.
Three times the size of what I encountered on the first floor.
Even if they're goblins, this many would make anyone a little apprehensive…
But surprisingly, I don’t feel scared at all.
No, rather.
Thump!
The warrior’s heart within this body throbs aggressively, making my head burn.
“Grrrr, grrrr!!”
“Rrrrrrr!!!”
Listening to the menacing howls of countless goblins, I shouted back.
“Sparttaa—!!!”
Bring it on, you bastards.