Chapter 13, 2nd Floor (3)
The total number of goblins charging at me was nine. 
Eight were regular goblins, and one was a goblin warrior.
Even though he's called a warrior, he just wields a scimitar that’s about 60 centimeters long...
It’s a decent blade, unlike a carving knife.
“Grrr!” 
I stared at the goblin charging at me head-on and slammed the hammer I was holding onto his temple.
*Thwack!*
One-shot, one-kill. The goblin disappears in a flash of light before he even has time to fall.
However, it’s too early to celebrate. 
I’ve only managed to take down one.
“Grrrrrrr!!!” 
As soon as I took one down, two goblins flew at me from both sides.
They're holding carving knives.
I dashed to the right, pushing one away with my shield, then immediately turned around and slammed the hammer into the other one.
*Thwack!*
That’s two down.
But there’s no time to breathe.
I’ve been surrounded from behind. A goblin is flying at me from the back. 
The goblin warrior.
“Kyaaaak!”
He’s making a snake-like sound, acting like a proper warrior.
I immediately stopped moving and rolled on the ground.
*Whizz!* 
The sword passes over me with a sharp piercing sound.
Seeing me roll on the ground, the goblins took their chance to charge at me.
This is why the 2nd floor is far more dangerous than the 1st. 
Even if you can somehow crush four regular goblins with your physical strength, it’s impossible at this point. 
There’s no choice but to accept injuries. 
Well, if it was just me. 
*Phook!*
An arrow shot from the bushes pierces the forehead of one of the goblins.
It looks like Erwen has taken up her sniper position again.
*Thud!* 
I used the recoil from the roll to quickly get up from the ground. I raise my shield and charge into the heart of the enemy formation. 
It’s a warrior’s duty to draw aggro, right?
“You little brats! Come at me!”
Blocking with my shield, swinging my hammer, dodging, pushing with my feet, head-butting...
While I’m running wild in the heart of the goblin formation, playing a tightrope walk with the blood of a raging barbarian, Erwen, who has taken up her position again, fires arrows like crazy. 
*Whiz, whizz, whizz, thud, thud, thud!*
The goblins are bewildered by the arrows fired every two or three seconds.
“G, grk!!”
Maybe she’s rushing a little, because the arrows don’t always hit the vital points... 
*Thud!*
But they always hit somewhere, like the shoulder, arm, belly, chest, or thigh. 
Sometimes, she even uses the power of spirits to make the arrows burst into flames.
I, too, do my part, smashing the heads of the goblin brats who can't do anything but worry about the arrows. 
*Thwack! Thwack!*
As soon as the number of goblins dwindles to two, they start to run away. 
I grab the one who ran away like crazy by the hair, while Erwen takes care of the other by putting an arrow through its back.
[You have slain a goblin warrior. EXP +1]
Once the battle was over, Erwen emerged from the bushes and approached us.
“Mister, are you injured?”
“I'm fine. How about you?”
“I’m okay too.”
“Good. Let’s collect the magic stones.”
We then split up and walked around, collecting arrows and magic stones. 
I managed to take down the goblin warrior during the melee, but I couldn’t obtain his scimitar. 
The clothes and weapons they wore, as on the 1st floor, vanished in a flash of light. 
“Here are six.”
Including the two killed by Erwen’s surprise attack, we collected a total of eleven magic stones. 
Considering that we collected forty-four in a day on the 1st floor, I’m more than satisfied. 
The battle only lasted about two minutes. 
“Here, take these.”
“Two? Thank you!” 
I kept nine, and Erwen took two. 
I’ve distributed them based on weight considering that the warrior's stones, even though they’re the same rank 9, weigh more than the regular goblin’s stones.
“Do you think we can keep going like this?”
“Yes. Was there anything uncomfortable or dangerous about this battle?”
“No, nothing in particular.”
After that, I took some time to reflect on the battle and look for ways to improve our tactics.
I haven’t found any specific points to improve at the moment, but it probably just means we’re still inexperienced. 
As we gain more experience through more battles, we’ll naturally get better. 
“Okay, let’s move on from here.”
“Yes!”
I checked the time one last time.
[01:31]
I wonder how much we can get before the end of the 4th day?
***
We moved around in a way that expanded our radius from the center of the portal.
And after we expanded our radius over 3 kilometers, we encountered a goblin horde every five minutes. 
We naturally met goblin archers along the way. 
“Kikki, kikki, kikki!”
They made a slightly more unique sound than ‘grk’—the goblin archers were definitely formidable opponents. 
They used a small shortbow that resembled a harp, and their arrows, like the other goblins, were poisoned.
They could even use stealth magic. 
However...
[You have slain a goblin archer. EXP +1]
If I focused, this barbarian’s body could react to the incoming arrows, dodging or blocking with my shield. 
Well, I still have to be careful. 
“There’s another goblin archer! Take it down first!”
“Yes!”
No matter how much of a barbarian I am, an arrow to the head is instant death. 
I need to buy a helmet as soon as I get back to the city. 
“Let’s take a break.”
“Ha! Finally!” 
After we finished one more battle, we moved to a clearing near the portal and took a break.
“You can sleep first if you want.”
“Really?”
She really doesn’t understand the concept of being polite. 
I nodded with a chuckle, and she plopped down on the clearing, staring at me like a puppy who needs to pee.
“What about my backpack and blanket?”
“…They’re right here.” 
I put down my bag, which was even heavier now, and pulled out a blanket to cover her with.
Then, less than a minute later, she started snoring.
*Doro-rong, doro-rong-*
It’s a much smaller and quieter sound than the sound of a true barbarian, but...
She must’ve been really tired. 
She hasn’t made a sound until now. 
Hmm, maybe she feels psychologically safer now than she did before. 
[18:20]
We hunted in the Goblin Forest for almost fifteen hours. 
We had to fight more than ten individuals each time, but as we got used to it, the dangerous situations decreased and our speed increased. 
As a result, we made a fortune that was unimaginable on the 1st floor.
But there were still moments of tension.
“Whew...”
As our radius expanded, we began to encounter explorers. 
We met eleven parties so far. 
They were all groups of three or more, and sometimes even interracial teams were included. 
We all met and passed each other by, keeping our distance as a matter of courtesy, but it drained my energy each time. 
I’m more afraid of explorers than goblins. 
Especially now, I have even more reason to be wary.
“It’s a problem that she’s so beautiful.”
I sighed as I looked at Erwen who was sleeping soundly. 
Even though she’s been sleeping rough for days, her flowing silver hair, her captivating amber eyes, and her beautiful features that have all the traits of a beauty. 
It’s a blessing for a woman…
But as an explorer, I’m not so sure.
In fact, wasn’t there an explorer who licked his lips as soon as he saw Erwen? 
I hope nothing worrying happens.
“…Am I that pretty?”
What the hell, you were snoring just now.
“Go to sleep.”
“Yes.”
Maybe she was asleep, because she answered in a vague way and started snoring again right away. 
*Drrrung, drrrung*. 
What is she?
The elves I knew weren’t like this.
***
The 4th day, the 5th day, the 6th day...
Time passed quickly after we entered the Goblin Forest, and the 7th day began. 
Finally, the day we’re leaving the labyrinth has arrived. 
“I want to sleep as soon as I go back... .”
“I agree.”
There is only one way to leave the labyrinth and return to the city.
Wait until the stairs close. 
The labyrinth spits out the explorers who are in the corresponding floor when a predetermined time arrives.
The 1st floor is 168 hours, and the 2nd floor is 240 hours. 
It means the higher the floor, the longer you can be active in the labyrinth. 
However, we plan to go down to the 1st floor before the end of the 7th day and leave the city.
“Let’s not go far today, like yesterday, and just move around nearby.”
“Yes!”
There are a few reasons why we’re leaving early. 
Once the 1st floor closes, the portal will also disappear. 
It means that we will lose our means of retreat in case of any unexpected situation. 
Also, our food is starting to run out. 
We could buy food from explorers we meet occasionally with magic stones, but...
‘There’s no need to overdo it.’ 
Most importantly, we only have ten arrows left.
Even though they’re made with durable earth wood, reusable, and meant to be used multiple times, they’re still consumables. 
If they were made from earth wood, I wouldn’t have been able to reuse them several times.
It’s a stark reminder that we’re in a different world. 
[22:27] 
We continued our hunt for a while, and I stopped after checking the time.
“Let’s go back just in case.”
“Yes!”
We’re currently about 4 km from the portal. 
It’ll take us 40 minutes at most to get to the portal.
Sure, we’ll have some time left…
But it’s better to get there early than to be late and not be able to go down. 
I also have something to talk to her about before we part ways. 
“Be careful. There’s another trap.”
We’re going back the same way, but traps are already laid out in the forest.
It means the goblin horde has respawned. 
Well, it’s not like they suddenly appear out of thin air like in a game. 
There are often rabbit-hole-like things in the forest, and the goblins always crawl out from there. 
So, we’ve tried waiting in front of them, and we’ve even set them on fire using Erwen, but there was no reaction. 
We couldn’t check the bottom because even if we dug, it collapsed right away. 
*Thump*
Erwen, who was walking ahead of me, stopped.
“There’s a goblin horde at 1 o’clock, about 70 meters away. It’s eight regular goblins, two warriors, and two archers.” 
She’s now become so used to it that she doesn’t need to ask questions anymore, and she gives a perfect briefing. 
“Are we going to fight?”
“We are.”
There’s no need for a long conversation. 
I nodded, and as usual, Erwen opened a path by clearing the bushes ahead. 
Then she stopped me with a gesture and moved another 10 meters forward to take her position, drawing her bow.
*Whiz, whizz, whizz!* 
The arrow flies. 
*Thud!*
It probably hit a goblin archer. 
I told her to prioritize them if possible.
“Mister!”
“Alright, you go back.”
Erwen, who fired another arrow at the charging goblin horde, moves back. 
It’s a baton touch that’s become so familiar to us. 
I charge forward and smash the warrior at the center of the goblin formation with my hammer. 
*Thwack!* 
It felt good. I probably don’t need to hit it twice.
“Waaaaaaak!”
I roared from the center of the formation, and the goblins flinched. 
Man, these brats are scared. 
*Thwack!*
The goblins were hesitant for a moment, and I quickly dashed forward and smashed the head of the other warrior.
“Grrr!” 
We’ve been through so many melees that I’ve become a master of this kind of brawl. 
And it’s the same with Erwen. 
*Whiz, whizz, whizz, thud!*
She’s already taken her position, and the arrows start flying. 
There were times when our paths overlapped and I almost got hit by an arrow when we weren’t in sync, but those incidents have slowly disappeared. 
I’m starting to anticipate what Erwen will prioritize in what situation, what enemies she’ll target, and where she’ll aim.
We’re both at that point.
*Pfft!*
After a little more than a minute.
The battle ends with the goblin’s back of the head being smashed as he tries to run away. 
I heard there were two goblin archers, but there were no arrows flying at me throughout the battle. 
It seems that the first two shots she fired while using a surprise attack all hit the archers.
“Good job, Erwen.”
“Heehee.”
“But you should’ve told me when you took down all the archers. It’s a hassle to keep worrying about it.”
“I wasn’t sure if I hit the last one.”
Hmm, that’s possible. 
Inaccurate information can actually be dangerous. 
She’s all grown up now. 
I feel proud for some reason. 
“Let’s just collect our stuff and move on.”
“Yes!”
After that, I was walking around the area collecting magic stones when Erwen called me urgently.
“Mister! There’s something strange here!”
I hurried over, and there was a fist-sized orb of light floating in the air.
And I knew what it was.
This was the first time I’d seen it in person, but...
“…A spirit. And it’s definitely a goblin archer’s.”
To be honest, I was dumbfounded. 
Could I be this lucky?
“T, th, the spirit? Th, th, thi, this one?”
As you can see from her reaction, the spirit is more valuable than treasure to explorers. 
The spirit is the [Dungeon & Stone] skill system, for all intents and purposes.
“If, if I eat it, will I become a goblin?”
“Of course not. You’ll just get some of the abilities the goblin had.”
For example, the one on the 1st floor who tracked us with smell. He probably absorbed the spirit of a ‘Blade Wolf’ at that time. 
“What should I do…?”
She’s asked the same question over and over again. 
It’s 9:1, but she must be greedy for this, too.
“Do you want it?”
“No, it’s not like that, but… if you give it to me, well…”
There’s no reason not to give it to her, but I wonder if it’s just my imagination that she’s getting more brazen day by day?
I chuckled and opened my mouth.
“I’ll give you the spirit if you make one promise.”
‘The spirit of the goblin archer’ isn’t that appealing to me, a barbarian. 
It might be helpful for now, but the total number of spirits I can absorb is fixed. 
It would just cost me a lot of money to delete it later. 
“…Really?”
“Yes.”
I can’t help but laugh as I look at her wide eyes. 
It’s still amazing, if you think about it. 
Spirits are dropped with an extremely low probability when you hunt monsters. But to find a goblin archer’s spirit on our first try, and not even a regular goblin’s?
It was so lucky that it’s hard to even call it beginner’s luck. 
Has my unfortunate fate finally begun to change? 
“I was going to tell you when we went down to the 1st floor, but I’ll tell you now. Erwen—”
“Hey, you two! What the hell are you doing?” 
Damn it, I was so lucky. 
Just as I was about to make a promise to Erwen, I heard a shout from afar. 
“Don’t move!”
A party of four human explorers. 
They spotted us from a distance, and their faces hardened as they quickly closed the distance.
To be honest, I kind of knew it would happen. 
“M, Mister?”
This is the natural order of things. 
Lucky, you say? No way. I’ve always been different from other people.
For me, luck is something you have to fight for, something you can only have after you earn it.
“Erwen, get ready to fight.”
Just like this. 