Chapter 14 Return (1)
The moment Erwen, with a tense face, picked up an arrow.
I pushed her forward with a jerk.
“Eh?”
Suddenly pushed from behind, Erwen took a step forward. During this process, her body touched the essence floating in the air.
Swoosh!
The essence emits light and wraps around Erwen's body.
“Damn it! You crazy bastard!”
So, this was their goal after all. 
“Don’t move! I told you to stop!”
Soon, a group of four explorers arrived 10 meters in front of us.
But what to do.
She already ate the essence.
I took a menacing step forward, not showing any sign of nervousness.
“Why should I listen to you?”
“That essence was ours!”
The situation when I didn’t feed Erwen the essence comes to mind.
They would have probably insisted that I hand it over.
They would have claimed that we caught it with an arrow from afar, or whatever. 
They can make up any excuse, they could just make something up.
“If you want to fight, come at me. I’ll take you on.”
Four against two.
We were outnumbered, but I responded strongly.
It’s similar to how a small dog barks loudly.
I wanted to avoid a fight as much as possible.
Humans are like animals, if you underestimate them, they’ll bite you.
“......”
The red-haired man, who seemed to be the leader of the opposing group, gritted his teeth silently.
He’s probably thinking.
If the essence was still in the air, it wouldn’t be a problem.
Now that it already has an owner, there’s nothing to gain from fighting us.
So it would be wise to give up and leave—
“…We demand compensation.”
Are you trying to whine?
Seeing the essence disappear before his eyes, he must have been very disappointed.
There’s no reason for me to consider it.
“We obtained the essence ourselves, so what compensation are you talking about?”
“Do you have evidence? That goblin was hunted by us.”
I don’t bother asking, ‘Do you have evidence?’.
It goes without saying that they don’t have any.
There’s no CCTV in the labyrinth.
In the end, the words of the powerful one will be the truth.
“I’ll repeat myself, if you want to fight, come at me. I won’t run.”
I responded stubbornly.
Fight if you want to, and if you want to talk, shut up and get out of here.
I didn’t even give them time to think.
“We want three. If you don’t make a decision before then, we’ll consider you an enemy.”
“Ah, Mister...? ”
Why can’t this kid get a grasp of the situation.
Be quiet. 
Don’t you see that they’re all scared stiff because I’m being strong?
“Three.”
“Two.”
“We’ll retreat.”
The guy made his choice before I could count to one.
If I were them, I would do the same with a tattooed, beefy barbarian counting down.
If it were actually theirs, they would have gone crazy with anger and sought revenge.
But they know better.
Soon, they disappeared from our sight.
“Are they gone?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“I’ll increase speed until we reach the portal. Lead the way.”
Erwen, following my instructions, cleared the way at a speed close to running.
She must be aware of something.
Even though it was peaceful, it wasn’t over yet.
“Are there any signs of them?”
“I don’t feel them. Ah, there’s a group of goblins in the 3 o’clock direction. What do we do?”
“Ignore them.”
“Yes.”
I originally planned to leisurely hunt goblins on our way back, but the plan changed.
We need to get out of the 2nd floor as soon as possible.
And preferably, we should stay as far away from the portal as possible even after going down to the 1st floor.
Erwen tilted her head, questioning my plan.
“Are they really going to follow us all the way to the 1st floor?”
“They’re not following. It’s just that our destination is the same.”
“What do you mean?”
It’s a simple guess.
They were in a party of four.
And four is a decent number to operate in the 2nd floor’s entrance. But if they’re not on the outskirts but towards the entrance?
The intention is clear.
“It’s highly likely that they planned to go down to the 1st floor and return to the city on the 7th day like us. So we met them here during this period.”
“Ah...”
In other words, they’re just ordinary people like us who were watching the situation on the 2nd floor.
That’s why they were outnumbered and scared of me, running away.
Perhaps they weren’t even a proper party, they could be a group hastily assembled after meeting on the 1st floor.
“I see...”
Erwen nodded quietly at my follow-up statement. 
I’m not sure if she fully understands it.
“As expected, you’re amazing!”
…You got it wrong, didn’t you?
“I’ll just do as you tell me!”
Well, maybe this is better.
Clumsy people who think too much are more prone to accidents.
“Mister, there are goblins!”
“Avoid them.”
“But I think they already spotted us. They’re running towards us!”
“What?”
An uncanny feeling washes over me when I hear this.
From the 4th day until now, goblins have never spotted us first.
Erwen’s detection ability was extraordinary.
Even if we’re running and moving differently from before, there’s no way this is just a coincidence.
She even absorbed the essence.
“We’ll detour in the opposite direction.”
“Yes!”
Erwen changed direction following my orders.
And at that moment.
Whiz!
An arrow shoots from the direction we turned.
I grabbed Erwen’s neck as soon as I saw it.
“Gack!”
Erwen whimpers as her breathing gets cut off because her throat is being pressed hard...
But it’s better to have her throat choked for a while.
Than have it pierced.
Bang!
I hug Erwen, using my shield to cover my upper body. The arrow bounces off my shield.
Even though it missed, it feels heavy.
Was it the guy with the crossbow?
“I, I can… avoid it... myself…”
Erwen groans.
I’m sorry, but there’s no time for that.
“There was... a…”
“Just run.”
I start running again with Erwen in front of me.
“Mister, if an arrow comes again, you don’t have to grab me like that...”
“Quiet. I’m thinking.”
Erwen shuts her mouth tightly as I tell her in a low voice.
I continue thinking, keeping an eye on my surroundings as I run.
I don’t know how they did it, but they lured the goblins. They’re hiding and ambushing us from the opposite direction.
Can we reach the portal safely if we just run away like this?
‘No way.’
I weighed the possibilities, but it seemed highly unlikely.
There’s a crossbowman on the other side.
Goblins will keep chasing us.
Even if we’re lucky, we might survive and reach the portal...
But I’m not that lucky.
“We have to fight.”
A few breaths to catch my breath.
I made a decision within that time.
“Erwen, use your ability.”
“Ability?”
“I mean, use the power of the essence.”
The essence dropped by monsters contains the special abilities they possess.
For example,
[Goblin Archer]
Agility +2 Flexibility +4 Vision +6 Smell +2 Perception +2 Awareness +6 Accuracy +8 Poison Resistance +4 Obsession +7
(P) Poison Arrow - Inflicts poison damage when using ranged weapons.
(A) Stealth - Gains stealth status.
In the game, it was displayed like this.
Stat increase, one passive, and one active.
This information also applies to this world.
Evil spirits, start points, etc. there have been some variables so far, but this part has always been consistent with the game.
“But, I don’t know how to use it…”
I smiled, seeing Erwen bewildered by my unreasonable demand.
“That’s enough.”
“Enough?”
“It means you’re in stealth status.”
Erwen’s running body becomes blurry.
It’s so weak that it’s visible from afar, but...
“Stop.”
When I stop walking, the stealth effect strengthens.
This was why characters in the game moved slowly. As time passed while standing still, she became almost transparent, beyond semi-transparent.
There’s a clear sense of incongruity in her outline, but she’ll be invisible unless she’s close.
Especially in this dark forest.
“Wow…”
Erwen admires her body.
I’m amazed too.
Her points must be different from mine.
It’s not a keyword or anything. It’s a mechanism that activates the skill in response to will.
Anyway, we’ll have to study this in more detail later.
“Erwen. Take this.”
“Yes?”
I handed Erwen my backpack.
And I spoke rapidly.
“Hide here, and when I signal you, shoot the crossbowman first. Do not come out before then. Got it?”
“What, what do you mean…?”
“There’s no time. Consider it understood.”
I finished what I had to say quickly and started running.
“Wait, signal! How do I—!”
I heard her shouting quietly from behind, but it was too risky to go back.
Thump.
I stopped about 30 meters from where I was.
I never intended to go far.
If I ran and stepped on a trap in the bushes, it would be a big problem.
“Grrr, grrr!”
When I turn around, I can hear goblins coming from the front left.
And those bastards...
I still don’t know where they are.
They blocked my first attack and haven’t shown themselves yet.
But I’m not too worried.
I know what they’re up to.
“Grrr, grrr!”
They’ll appear as soon as I fight the goblins.
They probably lured the goblins with that intention in mind.
Back to the present, I examine the goblins rushing towards me.
“Grrr!!”
There are two swordsmen among the dozens of goblins.
Luckily, there’s no archer among the goblins—
Bang!
There is.
I blocked the arrow flying towards me with my shield and charged at the goblins.
Of course, I couldn’t go wild like before.
There’s a goblin archer and a human crossbowman aiming at me.
Bang!
An arrow flies towards me again after about a 10-second interval.
It’s from the goblin archer this time.
Bang!
I blocked the arrow with my shield and smashed the head of the goblin swordsman swinging his scimitar.
In return, I got stabbed in the leg by another goblin with his dagger...
Pssshh.
There’s no helping it.
I have to accept this kind of risk.
Only when the number of goblins decreases, they’ll feel pressured and show themselves.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
I’m basically possessed by a barbarian, beating up the goblins. My injuries are increasing.
My forearm, thigh, and side.
Each one isn’t a serious injury, but it’s hard to ignore this many.
Thump!
The poison starts to spread, sending tingling sensations from my wounds.
But I endured all of this, and after killing 7 goblins...
Whiz!
An arrow flies towards me.
Two at the same time.
Whiz!
They’re coming from different directions.
One is from the goblin archer, and the other is from the crossbowman.
I can’t block both.
I chose to block the crossbowman’s arrow coming from the side with my shield.
Bang!
The sound of this is different from the goblin archer’s arrow. It feels heavy.
Is this the power of a crossbow?
I thought that as I blocked the goblin archer’s arrow, it pierced my left elbow with a “Psssh” sound.
“Shiiit.”
It hurts.
Did it reach the bone? It hurts, but my arm is completely stiff after getting hit by one arrow.
Damn, I tried to deflect it with my shoulder guard, but it was harder than I thought.
Thud.
I threw away the hammer in my right hand without hesitation.
And I picked up the shield in my useless left hand. If I have to choose between the hammer and the shield, the shield is always better.
Especially in a situation like this.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
I beat up the remaining three goblins with my one-handed shield.
For now, the area around me has been cleared.
The goblin archer must have run away, because the arrows have stopped.
It’s a victory in the first round with a lot of injuries, but I survived somehow.
I yelled.
“Come out! You bastards!”
I never thought I’d say this to humans, not goblins.
But what’s the difference?
Whiz!
Instead of the bastards coming out, an arrow shoots from afar.
It’s from the human crossbowman.
It’s not a problem to block it because I predicted it.
But...
Bang!
Damn it, what?
The arrow pierced the iron plate and exposed the tip because I took a direct hit.
My hand is screwed if I’m not careful.
I covered my upper body with my shield and watched the bushes. Soon, I felt a presence.
“Barbarian.”
Three people appear.
The leader, the red-haired one.
A samurai holding a one-bladed sword like a Japanese katana.
A tall man holding a one-handed sword and a shield.
The crossbow is still nowhere to be seen.
“It’s you after all.”
“Yeah, it’s us.”
I didn’t ask how they lured the goblins.
That would only make them think less of me.
“Come at me.”
“As expected of a barbarian? You’re still energetic even after fighting so many goblins. Where’s that elf girl?”
I knew it. This was their goal.
“You seem to have taken her backpack too. It’s best to tell us if you don’t want to suffer.”
I chuckled when I heard it.
You want me to tell you so you can let me go? Who do you think you are?
“Crazy bastard.”
The leader frowned at me, chuckling.
He seems to have gotten bored somewhere.
He must see me as a stereotypical barbarian.
“Let’s subdue him first and then ask him slowly.”
The leader exchanges glances with his comrades, and they all slowly close the distance.
Capture...
Good news.
They don’t gain anything from killing me.
There must be several reasons why they ambushed me.
Our magic stones collected for 7 days, our equipment, Erwen who has a beautiful appearance, and the fact that they can’t stomach seeing someone else’s luck.
I realize.
“Everyone be careful. Think of it as hunting a large monster.”
There are too many efficiency freaks in this world.
Well, it’s because of them that I grew up like this.
Swoosh.
I slowly raise my hand.
I force my left hand, which is pierced by an arrow and now has poison spreading, to rise above my head.
And...
“What are you doing?”
I raise my middle finger high.
Whiz!
It’s a signal that anyone who’s lived in this world would consider unique.
Psssh!
Soon, a chilling sound echoes through the forest. 