Chapter 16: Return (3)
Light engulfed my vision, then faded, leaving me in a daze. I blinked, gazing up at the sky. It was the first time I had seen such bright light in ages. Well, it was still just a dreary, gray sky. 
"Derek, are you going back to the lodgings?"
"After a month? Not a chance. I'm going straight to the tavern once I've cleaned up."
"We're back! We're back!!!"
"Explorers of Rank 7 and below, please gather here!"
The area was far too loud to call it just noisy. It was to be expected, with all the explorers who had entered the labyrinth gathering in one place. But...
Still, this was ridiculous. I had no idea there were so many explorers in this city. It was like watching the crowds in Gwanghwamun during the World Cup.
Click, click.
I adjusted my watch to 12 o'clock. Even if you enter the labyrinth, only one day passes in the city. No matter how many days you spend in there, when you come out, it's noon the next day.
‘I just thought of it as a kind of world-building consideration from the developers when I was playing the game…’
This way, you could continue with the city quests even after visiting the labyrinth. I thought it was just a convenience for the players.
"Bjorn, son of Yandell!"
Who is that? I know the voice…
I turned my head in the direction of the sound, and I saw a Barbarian with his eyes at about my height. I remember him distinctly, the first leader.
"Karak, second son of the Blood Eye."
"Third son of the Fire Eye."
What? So, is Einar the second?
Anyway, even in this crowd, it was easy for the tall Barbarians to find each other.
"Serum, fourth son of Kenic! You survived!"
"Good to see you're okay too. Karak, third son of the Fire Eye!"
I wasn't even moving, but the Barbarians started to gather around me.
"Hahahahahaha! The Blade Wolf is nothing! My axe made short work of them!"
"Of course it did, with your brave axe skills. Parman, son of Nerun!"
Is this a reunion? I was completely overwhelmed.
They kept on greeting each other with those long names, praising each other's bravery…
These guys are truly strange.
They seem stupid, but how do they remember those long names so well?
"Bjorn! What are you doing? We're going to exchange our stones now, why don't you come along?"
I cleared my throat and replied as loudly as I could.
"Oh, I'm coming!"
"You must be tired! Your voice is weak!"
"That's true!"
I thought I'd been doing a good job acting like a Barbarian, but now my confidence was waning.
Native speakers are different.
"There he is!"
"The place where warriors prove their valor!"
I was swept up in the crowd of Barbarians, and I naturally went through the explorer's procedures. 
It was nothing special, just exchanging stones for money at the checkpoint.
"24,476 stones."
"28,420 stones."
"41,498 stones."
It's like a supermarket checkout. 
Especially with their speed.
The officials sitting at the desk processing the work were incredibly fast. 
They placed the stone pouches somewhere, like they were scanning a barcode, and then, like machines, they handed out the money when the numbers appeared.
I watched, a little curious, and the savages around me continued to chat loudly, oblivious to how embarrassing they were.
"Ooooh! Over 40,000 stones! That's impressive!"
"Karak, the third son of the Fire Eye, is a warrior among warriors!"
Wow, living with the Elves for a few days, huh?
I can't adjust.
Anyway, I need to find Erwen…
Why are all these guys here and not the one I'm looking for?
I wasn't doing anything special.
"Bjorn, son of Yandell! It's your turn!"
My turn came while I was sighing.
I walked up to the desk and placed my pouch in front of the lifeless-looking official.
"Are all three pouches stones?"
The other two belonged to the Pole and the Samurai.
But now, they're all mine.
They've been for the past 40 minutes.
"Yes."
I nodded, and the official placed the pouch on a scale-like device. 
He then recited the exact amount.
"182,413 stones."
That means I earned over 9,000 pieces of bread, considering a piece cost about 20 stones, for seven days?
It feels like just yesterday when I was feeling miserable, earning a single piece of bread for killing a goblin.
…My heart feels heavy.
"180,000 stones! Bjorn, son of Yandell, has earned 180,000 stones!"
"It's a new record! Bjorn, son of Yandell, is the greatest warrior ever!"
These guys won't even give me a moment to feel sentimental.
I quickly took the money from the official and stepped out of the checkpoint.
But once I was out in the crowd, the Barbarians who had already come out started gushing over me, finally noticing my appearance.
"It's not just stones! He's carrying a hammer!"
"No, he's even got shoes! I envy him!"
"Three bags!"
"He's looking at his watch! Could it be that he knows how to tell time?"
"How is this even possible? Bjorn, son of Yandell, is a wizard?"
Well, I can't blame their reaction.
It must seem like magic.
I must be the first Barbarian to have entered the labyrinth bare-handed and returned as a civilized being!
Damn, all this praise is making my body get excited on its own.
Whoa, calm down, Bjorn.
I…
"I am the greatest warrior!!"
"Wooooooooo!!!"
The Barbarians went into a frenzy at my shout.
Then, they started carrying me around on their shoulders.
Surprisingly, I'm feeling pretty good about it.
Whatever happens, happens.
"You can't cause a scene here."
"I'm sorry! I apologize!"
"Please, keep your voices down…."
"Yes!!"
The madness finally subsided after an official came over to scold them.
I finally regained my composure and, like the other savages around me, sat on the ground, waiting for the remaining Barbarians to finish their inspection.
That's when it happened.
"…"
I felt someone staring at me, so I turned my head. There, amidst the bustling crowd of explorers, I saw an Elf looking at me.
It was Erwen.
How long has she been watching me? I really hope it was after the shoulder carry.
"…"
As if she knew what I was thinking, she smiled at me when our eyes met. 
However, she quickly looked away, distracted by the beautiful male and female Elves beside her who were talking to her.
I was curious, so I listened in on their conversation. It was quite refreshing.
Should I call it surreal, how they were quietly chatting happily, calling each other "older sister" and "older brother"?
"Older sister! I think I finally understand how to handle spirits! I'm starting to understand why Granny Grendelin kept saying we should become friends first."
"Oh, is that right? Fire spirits are quite hot-tempered, so you'll be able to hear their voices soon enough."
Well, you're one of them.
I only have savage brutes around me.
I envy her…
I was watching Erwen, feeling a kind of longing for what I didn't have, when our eyes met again.
I seized the moment and mouthed the words.
‘Tonight.’
Erwen tilted her head, then giggled and mouthed a response.
‘Yes!’
At least I could tell that this secret conversation was quite amusing to her.
But I'm not sure if she understood what I meant.
Did she even really respond 'yes'?
Well, I'll have a proper conversation with her once we're out of the checkpoint.
I thought to myself.
"Why are you looking at her like that? Do you know her?"
"Oh, no! Older sister! Not a chance!"
Erwen frantically waved her hands at her older sister's question.
Then, she stole a glance at me and mouthed a message.
‘I'm sorry!’
This time, I heard it clearly.
I understood her gesture right after, when she secretly pointed at her older sister and shook her head back and forth.
It must have been because of her older sister.
We're in the same boat, though.
"Bjorn, son of Yandell! What are you looking at? Do you know an Elf?"
"No!"
"Of course not! A great warrior like you wouldn't be friends with those sneaky pointy-eared creatures!"
I wanted to cover this guy's mouth, but I couldn't.
His voice was so loud that the Elves nearby stared at us with sharp eyes.
Erwen was among them.
She looked at me, her eyes full of sorrow, and nodded knowingly.
"Ugh…"
Seeing those longing eyes, I finally felt the impact.
I wondered what I was doing.
This is no Romeo and Juliet.
"Let's go!"
The Barbarians finally finished their inspection and headed towards the entrance.
I knew that talking to Erwen while she was with the other Elves was impossible, so I followed them.
There was a crowd of people gathered in front of us, just as tiresome as before.
"Dad! Are you okay? I missed you!"
"Brother! I'm over here!"
Yeah, there were things like this in the game, too.
To put it simply, the people here are the family and friends of the explorers.
"Let's go! I'll clear the way!"
"Woohoo!"
I followed the Barbarians, pushing through the crowd, a maelstrom of joy, relief, despair, sadness, and love.
As I moved, I looked at each face.
It felt strange.
"Rimarion! Where's my husband? Where is he? Please tell me…."
"I'm sorry. He told me to give you this."
"No… no. No… Aaaah!"
I've played [Dungeon & Stone] countless times.
But I could never understand the expressions I saw on their faces, expressions that could only be understood through 2D graphics on a monitor.
***
The reason I moved with the Barbarians was simple. 
I thought there were more procedures that newcomers to the city had to go through, like the checkpoint.
But my expectations were shattered.
"Drinks! Let's drink!"
"Woooooooh!"
The first place the savages went to after leaving the labyrinth was the tavern.
Are you kidding me?
"I'm going to pass."
"How dare you! Bjorn, son of Yandell, the greatest warrior!"
Another title was added to my already long name.
I silently chanted the character for 'patience' in my head, saying I had to go somewhere else, and slipped away.
"May fortune be with you! Bjorn, son of Yandell, the greatest warrior!"
I feel it again. These guys defy any expectations based on common sense.
"Whew, finally some peace and quiet."
I was starting to lose my mind after being with those Barbarians for a short while. Did Erwen feel like that when she was with me?
I'll have to tone down my Barbarian acting next time.
Thump, thump.
I left the Barbarians and wandered aimlessly through the city.
I had a destination in mind, but for now, I just wanted to go wherever my feet took me.
It's peaceful.
It was night when I first saw this city, but now, in the daytime, the streets are full of people.
Surprisingly, it gives me a sense of security.
"…"
There are no monsters here.
No humans who want to harm me.
I could fall asleep on the street and wake up fine. Or maybe someone would even offer me a helping hand.
There's law, order, and leisure here.
Of course, this is a faraway world, and I know that despite appearances, almost everything about their ideology, culture, and social system is barbaric compared to the 21st century.
But it's still peaceful.
At least compared to the labyrinth where I spent seven days.
"…"
I continued to walk, wanting to feel that sense of security even more.
Since the explorers had just come out, my bloodstained appearance wasn't out of place.
No one looked at me oddly.
But as I kept walking, I felt the need to wash up.
So, I went into the first inn I saw and booked a room to take a shower.
It was strange.
The amount of blood that came out was more than the grime when I washed myself.
"…"
I spent about an hour cleaning myself as thoroughly as I could, and when I came out, the clothes I was wearing felt filthy.
Damn, I should have bought some clothes and washed them.
I wanted to take a nap, but I went back out to the street to find a clothing store.
But why?
No one was looking at me strangely, but for some reason, I felt embarrassed.
My upper body was bare, my pants were stained with dirt and blood, and everything else was the same. Actually, my body was much cleaner.
But…
I felt like a savage again.
Why?
"Welcome!"
As I entered what I assumed was a clothing store, a friendly clerk approached me.
He was smiling brightly despite my ragged appearance.
I've never seen such a professional clerk, even in Seoul…
"An upper garment? If you're looking for a custom-made piece, there's a place next door… Ah, you need something to wear right away? I'm not sure if we have anything that fits, but I'll try to find something."
With the clerk's help, I was able to buy a shirt that felt like it was going to burst and a pair of black pants.
The total cost was 2,500 stones.
I don't know if I got ripped off or not.
I've never bought clothes in the game that had no function.
"Come again soon!"
Now that I looked somewhat human, I went back to the inn.
As I looked at the official who had exchanged my stones and talked to the clerk I had just met, I felt a strange, modern vibe coming from the city.
This is Raphdonia.
Most of the buildings are made of stone, and they all have many floors.
Actually, it was difficult to find any buildings on the main street that were under three stories. And when I took a shower, I saw water coming out of the faucet.
Maybe living in this city wouldn't be that bad.
"…"
I reached the inn and lay down on the bed.
As I recalled the events of the past seven days, I realized that I was no different from Uncle Hans.
When I first landed here, surviving was my only goal.
But what about now?
I finally couldn't hold back the words I had been suppressing.
"I want to go home."
I want to go back.
Even if no one is there to welcome me. 