Chapter 17: Lapdonia (1)
I open my eyes slowly.
Then I close them again and speak to myself.
‘Get up and do what you need to do.’
Thinking about the various tasks I need to accomplish in the city, energy begins to flow into my still-sleepy body.
Yes, let’s do this.
First, I check the time.
[21:18.]
I left the dungeon at noon, so even without factoring in other things, I’ve probably slept for about four hours.
But maybe it’s because I slept in a bed?
I feel incredibly refreshed for the amount of time I slept.
Grrr.
I have some bread left from the dungeon, but I decide to eat out.
In a world where money is practically life itself…
A little indulgence won’t hurt.
“......”
Despite having showered earlier, I feel like I still smell, so I quickly wash up again and leave the inn.
Thump, thump.
Walking through the quiet night streets feels a little stuffy compared to the daytime.
Not psychologically, but physically.
The beige shirt I’m wearing is a medieval style, with a low-cut chest and lace detailing on the sleeves and collar.
Instead of buttons, it has a deep V-shaped neckline with a string that ties like a shoelace.
...Even with all the strings loosened, it’s still too small.
Now I understand why the barbarians walk around shirtless. They have no clothes that fit. What a tragic race!
‘…But where should I go?’
My top priority is to meet Erwen at our agreed-upon location.
But I have no idea where the Black Whale Tavern is.
I know it’s located in the southern part of the city, based on the dimensional plaza where the dungeon portal opens, but in the game, the city size was shrunk by a factor of tens of thousands, so it doesn’t help me in this regard.
So, in the end, I ask for directions from passersby.
“Black Whale Tavern? Is there a place like that?”
“Never heard of it.”
Most people say they’ve never even heard of it, but one middle-aged man with white hair is different.
“The Black Whale Tavern, haven’t heard that name in a long time. You look young, how do you even know about it? It should have disappeared over ten years ago.”
I appreciate being called young, but the content isn’t so welcome.
“...Disappeared?”
“Yes, it was a tavern that had been passed down through generations, but the son got into gambling and the ownership changed. They changed the name too.”
It’s a moment that lends credence to the hypothesis I’ve been holding onto since the dungeon.
So, the world I played in is actually from the past, compared to this time period?
If that’s the case, then things like the ‘evil spirits’ or the antagonistic relationship between barbarians and fairies also make sense.
I’ll have to visit the library tomorrow.
“Thank you. That’s very helpful.”
“Heh, I’ve never seen a barbarian as polite as you.”
After parting ways with the old man who’s a local, I continue walking through the night streets.  It seems the tavern is still operating, just under a different name. I decide to check it out first.
I hope Erwen will find her way here too.
‘Paidenphus.’
I pause for a moment as I reach my destination.
I can read the pronunciation, but I don’t know the meaning. Is this their version of ancient language?
I should probably research this natural language knowledge that’s somehow just implanted in my head.
“Hahahahahahaha!”
“If you’re going to fight, do it outside, you bastards!”
Inside the tavern, it’s exactly as I imagined.
Drunken people, adventurers, music, mess, cigarette smoke, and the occasional exotic race.
As I scan the entrance, I notice a familiar silver-colored back of the head in a corner seat. The ears are even slightly pointed.
Filled with joy, I start to head over.
Thud.
A drunken nobody bumps my shoulder and walks past the entrance.
That wouldn’t be a problem…
“...Fairy girls, you look lonely. Want to have a drink with your big brother?”
He walks towards Erwen and throws out that kind of cheesy line.
Actually, looking back, that wouldn’t be a problem either.
But…
“Is it because this is a dump? Only pathetic little rats come here.”
Erwen...?
When did you become like this?
“...What? Rats, rats?”
The nobody, flustered by the sharp sarcasm, makes a dumbfounded expression.
I probably look equally dumbfounded.
“Get lost. If you want a hole in your forehead.”
Given her predilection for the forehead, it seems I haven’t made a mistake.
What is this?
I need to check it out.
But first, I need to get rid of this guy.
“What, what are you?!”
The guy who was getting handsy turns his head sharply when I grab his shoulder...
“Oh, uh.”
His eyes widen.
“Did you not hear me say get lost?”
“...I did.”
“Then why are you just standing there?”
The guy, instead of answering, carefully squeezes past me, and without even stumbling, returns to his seat.
That’s when I hear it.
“Ah, Mister!”
I hear that familiar tone.
But I’m not surprised.
Because I never believed the rumor that Erwen was a double personality.
...Really.
After all, that guy just called her ‘fairy girls’, right?
“You’re that barbarian?”
I can’t see her because of the pillar, but there are two people seated at the table in the corner.
“Yes, I’m probably that barbarian. But who are you?”
“This one’s sister.”
So it really is her sister.
No wonder she looked so similar from the side.
“Your sister’s your name?”
“...Are you stupid? Call me Tersia.”
Erwen’s last name is Tersia.
It seems her sister has no intention of telling me her name.
“Alright, Tersia, so can I sit down now?”
“Suit yourself.”
I sit down without hesitation.
And I observe Tersia.
First of all, they don’t look like twins.
She looks a few years older, and her features are quite different when viewed from the front.
Is it her eyes? She has a fierce aura.
Ah, is it just her eyes?
“Barbarian.”
“I’m Bjorn, son of Yandell.”
“Whatever. Anyway, why did you bring this little girl to this kind of tavern?”
“I, Sis…?”
“Be quiet.”
Erwen tries to gauge the atmosphere and interject, but her sister cuts her off.
Hmm, things are getting interesting.
Leaving aside the question of why Erwen brought her sister, it seems her dislike of me isn’t solely because I’m a barbarian.
I get that gut feeling.
I need to figure that out first.
“Tersia, what’s your reason for wanting to see me?”
“Erwen stayed out last night, so I asked her about it, and she said she spent the whole night waiting for someone in a tavern. I was curious who was the one who stood this one up.”
Wait, I don’t understand?
“What are you saying? Last night?”
“Playing dumb?”
She doesn’t seem to be joking judging by her expression.
“...Erwen, how many hours has it been since we left the dungeon?”
“Ah, uh… It’s been about thirty hours!”
Crazy, I slept for over a day. Not four hours.
No wonder I felt so damn refreshed.
“My apologies. I didn’t realize a whole day had passed while I was sleeping.”
When I apologize readily, Tersia makes a surprised expression.
For some reason, I find it depressing.
She doesn’t seem to question the fact that I slept for over a day.
“I never thought a barbarian would be able to keep track of time.”
I have no words.
“So, why did you call Erwen here?”
Well, I have a lot of reasons, long and complicated…
I cut to the chase.
“I’m not obligated to tell you that. If you’re so curious, ask Erwen later.”
In other words, mind your business and get lost, but luckily, Tersia seems to understand perfectly, and the corners of her lips turn up.
“Interesting. For a newbie who just entered the dungeon.”
“What does being a newbie have to do with anything? Erwen’s an adventurer. You shouldn’t act like that unless you’re going to be by her side forever.”
“You’re so barbaric.”
“I, Sis? Mister…?”
As our eyes lock, Erwen starts to fidget nervously.
Soon, Tersia places a pouch on the table.
“350,000 stones.”
“...Why are you giving this to me?”
“It’s the value of the essence Erwen absorbed.”
Ah, so she wants to pay me off and get me to leave.
It’s a common trope in morning dramas, so it feels kind of surreal.
“Why aren’t you taking it? Do you have ulterior motives?”
That’s not the case.
If she’s paying me with money, I also have no intention of demanding a ‘promise’ from Erwen in exchange for the essence.
However, I haven’t heard Erwen’s opinion yet.
“Do you agree?”
“That… ”
Erwen trails off.
Is her sister that scary?
I was planning to discuss it with her privately, but given the circumstances, I decide to do it now.
“The promise I was going to ask for was that you’d help me until I get the essence I want.”
“Is that all?”
“Yes. I want to keep the team going after that too, but that’s separate. I don’t need a promise. The ratio will be 5:5 from now on.”
In short, it’s an offer to form a two-person party.
What will Erwen say?
I don’t need to wait long.
“I’m sorry.”
The answer is no.
Erwen hangs her head low, but her sister explains the reason for her.
“Erwen will enter the dungeon with me from now on.”
“Only now?”
“It’s just that she had to go through it alone for the first time according to tradition, but I never intended to leave Erwen alone from the beginning.”
...I see.
She has an escort who will chauffeur her to the bus after finishing the tutorial.
Damn blood ties.
“If you understand, take this pouch.”
Erwen decides to give up gracefully.
She’s a good teammate, but there’s no reason for me to cling to her specifically.
But I need to settle the accounts properly.
“350,000 stones is half the average price for the essence, right?”
“Of course. It’s loot we earned together.”
Based on my experience as a veteran, 700,000 stones is a pretty decent amount.
But the ratio is wrong.
“That means you owe me 280,000 stones. The agreed-upon split was 9:1.”
“Fine.”
Tersia readily takes out another pouch.
I check it out of suspicion, and it contains exactly 280,000 stones.
Damn, I almost got scammed.
If I hadn’t brought it up, I would have left with just 350,000 stones.
This is so shady, these pointy-eared bastards…
Now I understand why barbarians loathe fairies.
“Now that we’re done, will you excuse us? I have something to discuss with Erwen.”
“Do you really have something to talk about?”
Our standoff is about to resume when Erwen intervenes.
“Sis, I appreciate you worrying about me and coming all this way, but I think you can go now.
“Erwen?”
“I should at least say goodbye to Mister… uh?”
“...Well, you’re not a child anymore.”
Tersia lets out a sigh as if she’s saying something she doesn’t mean, then she looks at me.
“Barbarian, swear an oath. You won’t sleep with Erwen. Then I’ll leave immediately.”
What? Did I hear that right?
“Sis?!”
Hmm, it seems I heard right.
Not sleep with her…
So everything below that, including skin-ship, is allowed?
“I swear it. On my warrior’s honor.”
“Ah, Mister?”
“Then that’s settled.”
Finally, Tersia rises from her seat.
And...
“Ah, I almost forgot. Barbarian, thank you for saving Erwen.”
She adds one more sentence before coolly leaving the tavern.
***
Clang, clang.
As the bell attached to the door rings, Erwen slumps over the table.
“Ugh! What should I do! I’ve never been so defiant… Did Sis get mad?”
“She’s not angry.”
“How do you know?”
Well, she gave you one last look before leaving, and she had a smirk on her face. You probably didn’t see it.
…Wait, why did you even ask?
Erwen scratches her head repeatedly, then snaps out of it.
“Ah, right! I’m sorry. I appreciate the offer, but I’ve already decided to work with Sis… long ago.”
“No need to apologize.”
I would have done the same. If a high-level fairy offered to chaperone you, I don’t think I’d stick with a low-level barbarian and suffer through the hardships out of loyalty.
“I, I’ll take care of this first.”
Erwen takes out a small pouch and places it on the table.
“It’s exactly 63,000 stones.”
It’s probably the value of the crossbow and the gemstones the leader had.
I have no way of knowing the actual amount, but I don’t question it.
There’s no point in doing so.
Anyway, how much should I give her if we split it 9:1?
“Ah, I took care of my own things, so you don’t need to give me anything.”
Oh, right.
She’s really resourceful in this kind of situation.
“I left the backpacks you two were carrying at my inn. There’s a lot of stuff… you might want to take a look tomorrow.”
“Alright.”
We’ve been spending days together, so she knows exactly what I’m curious about.
Without a single word from me, the loot division issue is settled.
However, when we move on to the next topic, Erwen’s tone becomes cautious.
“Then… how should I repay you?”
“Repay?”
“I told you. I’ll definitely pay you back.”
Ah, she did say that.
“Repay… ”
I trail off, and Erwen gulps.
…Could this be why her sister made such a fuss at the end and demanded an oath?
Is she worried that I’ll ask for something weird in return?
“Stop teasing me and just tell me.”
Her sense has improved a lot.
She even caught on to the teasing right away.
“I don’t have anything in mind right now.  I have something I want to ask you to do, but do you want to eat anything?”
“I’m not hungry, but…”
“Then I’ll order for myself.”
As I look at the menu hanging on the wall, Erwen speaks up as if she’s thought of something.
“Ah, then, drinks! Get us some drinks!”
“Drinks?”
“Yes, I didn’t even have a sip yesterday. I wanted to have my first homecoming drink with you! Hehe.”
Erwen smiles brightly and looks at me with expectant eyes.
Homecoming drink…
Now that I think about it, that’s a thing.
It’s a little different from the feeling of having a beer after work, but for these exotic races who grow up in sacred places until adulthood, their ‘first homecoming drink’ holds more meaning than you might think.
Hmm, but what should I say in this situation?
“...That’s a good thing.”
“You should say thank you when someone says that!”
“Thank you?”
“Thank you! We’re comrades who went through the dungeon together, so of course we should have our first homecoming drink together. ”
What does she want?
As I ponder, Erwen scratches her cheek.
“Of course, this isn’t your first homecoming drink, Mister… ”
“What are you talking about? This is my first homecoming drink.”
“Really?!”
Why is she surprised?
“I told you, I’m 20 years old.”
“...Were you serious about that?”
She keeps calling me Mister even though I’ve told her.
“This is my first time entering a dungeon.”
“...I see… ”
Erwen subtly glances at me, then goes to order from the waiter.
The food arrives about 20 minutes later.
“Mister, you’ve worked hard.”
She’s just going to keep calling me Mister, huh?
Whatever, I don’t care. We’re not going to see each other again anyway.
“...You worked hard too.”
We drink and eat while chatting about various things. We mostly talked about essential things in the dungeon, so this is the first time we’ve had a private conversation.
But this can’t last forever.
“Mister, you’re wearing a shirt today.”
Yeah, you’re wearing a skirt.
We’ve had our fill of that, so let’s move on.
“Erwen, you said you’d pay me back, right?”
“Yes? Yes, I did.”
“Then show me your ability here right now.”
Erwen tilts her head.
She seems to be thinking about whether this actually qualifies as repayment…
But it’s a crucial issue for me.
I need to confirm if the essence in the game and the real essence are different or the same.
I need to check it beforehand.
What if I need to revise my training methods?
“But why suddenly use an ability?”
“I have something I want to confirm.”
“But it’s illegal to manifest an ability in the city! We’ll get caught immediately. By the guards.”
So that’s why you couldn’t use skills in the village in the game.
So is there no way to do it?
As I’m pondering, Erwen offers a suggestion.
“What about going somewhere where there aren’t people? Ah, my inn is out of the question. Other races aren’t allowed to enter.”
So fairies have their own inns.
Hmm, how should I handle this? Should I take her to a shady back alley?
As I’m struggling, Erwen comes up with the solution.
“So, how about… going to Mister’s room?”
Right, that’s it.