Chapter 18: Laphdonia (2)
Back at the inn, I meticulously studied Erwen's slightly intoxicated body.
Of course, I never broke the oath I made with my sister.
It wasn't like that oath held any meaning to me, a warrior in body only.
"Erwen, stretch a little wider."
"Ugh, but even if you say it like that..."
I was currently forcing Erwen to stretch.
"Ouch! My shoulder! It feels like it's going to pop out!"
"Hmm."
"It, it never bent that far before! I'm serious!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, yes! I swear on the name of my clan!!"
As soon as she relaxed her arms, Erwen plopped onto the bed.
"Even with 'Flexibility +4,' it wasn't that noticeable."
Come to think of it, wasn't that the same in the game?
"Is, is there more?"
"No. Rest for now."
[Dungeon & Stone] was a brutal game.
Even just looking at the stats confirmed it.
Body, Mind, Ability.
These were the main stats, but clicking the [+] button next to them revealed thousands of sub-stats.
For example, if you increased Strength, a sub-stat under Body, it would affect your carrying capacity, physical attack power, and so on.
Flexibility?
It slightly increased your evasion rate and critical hit rate.
Sight?
It increased the range of ranged weapons and the character's visibility range.
Smell became a coefficient for related abilities, while Accuracy literally affected your accuracy.
Therefore, even with the same Body stat of 50, the character's abilities could be vastly different depending on the sub-stats.
"..."
As a matter of fact, I figured all of this out on my own.
Neither the game developers nor any overseas players had shared this information. I had to conduct numerous experiments myself and create statistical data.
All because I wanted to clear this game.
Damn, I never imagined that passion would turn into poison like this.
'Ugh, I'm getting angry again for no reason.'
Back to the matter at hand, I was a hardcore veteran, nine years in.
But there were still a few stats I couldn't figure out, even after all this time.
"Obsession +7" displayed on the essence dropped by the goblin archer was a prime example.
All I knew about Obsession was that it was a sub-stat under Mind. Everything else was a mystery.
"Erwen."
"I get nervous after you sigh. Can't you just keep quiet?"
"Have you noticed any changes since we came out of the labyrinth? Like something constantly nagging at your mind, something you can't control?"
"...I, I think so? Maybe?"
"What? Tell me."
"Snacks...? Yeah, snacks. Come to think of it, I ate a ton of them right after we came out..."
"Do you usually dislike sweets?"
"No, I like them! But I don't think I've ever eaten this much in a day before."
"I see."
Perhaps Obsession meant a heightened sense of desire.
That would explain why it had no real function in the game.
My head was spinning.
Maybe the real-world patch had added new functions to other sub-stats as well.
Just look at Flexibility.
As in the game, having smoother movements made it easier to dodge. In certain situations, you could pull off moves you couldn't before and deliver a fatal blow.
But was that all?
Having higher Flexibility would make it easier to fit through narrow spaces, and when landing, you'd absorb impact better than with a stiff body.
I couldn't know that in the game.
Therefore, I needed to reassess my training methods, including those aspects.
"Mister, I'm sleepy now..."
Ah, did I let her rest too much?
Her eyes were already half-closed.
I was trying to see if there were any drawbacks to using active skills, how long it took to use them again, and so on...
"Alright, go to sleep."
"Yes..."
I blew out the fire.
Then, I lay down beside Erwen.
Erwen didn't find it strange, and neither did I.
After all we'd seen in the labyrinth, it would've been awkward to act distant now.
Snore!
We fell asleep, and I felt my eyes drooping again.
I belatedly remembered my sister's warning about not sleeping together...
Well, it wasn't worth worrying about.
She probably didn't mean it that way either.
***
[07:35]
I woke up relatively early.
I'd spent most of the last two days sleeping, so calling it early might be a stretch.
"Mister, some water..."
Erwen was waking up too, so we quickly washed our faces and had a simple breakfast on the first floor.
Then, we headed to Erwen's inn.
The city was so massive that it took over an hour to walk there.
"It's good that we're at least in the same district!"
I agreed.
If we'd been on opposite sides, we would've had to take a carriage for a while.
It was called a fortress city, but Laphdonia was incredibly vast.
"You need to stay quiet here. Understand? Only my sister knows about what happened with you."
"I understand."
I waited in an alleyway three blocks away from the inn. Erwen arrived, struggling to carry two backpacks.
The backpacks of the leader and the crossbowman who ambushed us just before the seventh day. They were stuffed full and wouldn't close, with weapons sticking out.
"I'll carry those."
"Oh, thank you!"
She really didn't know how to decline things.
I thought she hadn't been like that initially.
"Put the weapons here, the armor here, and separate tools and consumables."
"Yes!"
Back at the inn, we spent some time checking and organizing the items in the backpacks.
It took about an hour, but it was enjoyable, maybe because it was loot.
Erwen and I sat side by side on the bed, looking at the neatly arranged items on the floor.
"Are you going to sell everything?"
"Just the things we don't need."
"Then can I keep the leather clothes and belt you gave me?"
"Sure. Just subtract that amount from your share."
"Then that's settled!"
After sorting what we would and wouldn't sell, we went back to the city.
We decided to split the items for exploration, potions, and other consumables that weren't duplicates, like watches or compasses. But we basically decided to sell most of the equipment.
It was better to turn them into money and buy something else than using things that didn't fit.
We weren't exactly strapped for cash anymore.
"This is it!"
The place we arrived at was a weapon shop, as Tersia had told us.
The items for sale were a katana, two longswords, a crossbow, a two-handed hammer, two daggers, and three pocket knives.
"Total of 350,000 Stones."
I had been worried because it was a referral, but the shop gave us the best price compared to other shops I had visited, so we just sold everything.
"Wow..."
Erwen let out a breath of awe as soon as we left the shop.
I felt the same way.
"Mister, this isn't a dream, right?"
Excluding the stones we'd taken, we'd earned about 100,000 Stones from pure hunting in the past seven days.
But 350,000 Stones?
And we hadn't even sold the armor yet.
...Now I understood why those explorers went crazy whenever they saw people.
Equipment meant money. And a lot of it.
"Mister, how much is my share?"
Erwen's eyes were filled with a longing for money.
"Wait. We still have a lot to sell.
Our next stop was an armor shop, ten minutes away.
"This is 180,000 Stones."
There were more pieces of armor than weapons, but the total value was lower.
Apparently, armor was harder to sell secondhand, so the purchase price was low. I completely understood.
Even we decided to sell everything because of size issues.
"We'll sell it at that price."
"You're as straightforward as a Barbarian. If you find more stuff like this, come back. I'll give you a good price again."
"I will."
We then stopped by a general store and sold the various items that had been deemed unnecessary, ending up with a total of 1,450,000 Stones.
Well, not all of it was mine.
"Here you go, 45,000 Stones."
"Huh? Isn't that a bit much?"
I subtracted 20,000 Stones for the leather clothes and belt, and added 7,000 Stones exactly.
I wasn't giving it to her because she was pretty. It was based on the value of the stones that Multae and the Samurai had, split 9:1.
"I didn't know the exact amount, so I used the other two people you brought as a reference."
"Oh, I see! Thank you!"
Anyway, after deducting everything, my total assets amounted to 1,400,000 Stones.
It was a bit...no, it was incredibly strange.
Even in the game, I'd rarely earned this much in a single playthrough...
A good start.
"Then I'll be on my way."
"Huh?"
Why is she surprised?
Now that the money's settled, we should go our separate ways.
I have a lot to do because of you, and my plans have been thrown off.
"Well, we can go together to the central plaza."
"Yeeees..."
Erwen suddenly stopped talking.
As we continued walking, we reached the central plaza, a crossroads.
"Huh? There are a lot more people here now."
Compared to when we'd passed by earlier, the place was teeming with people.
Half of them were soldiers, and the other half were prisoners bound with ropes.
Well, maybe 'prisoners' wasn't the right word.
"Ugh, ugh! Ouch! Ugh!"
They weren't murderers, rapists, or arsonists.
They were gagged, their faces filled with fear, and their crime was 'tax evasion'.
In other words, they didn't have money.
There was a young woman in her twenties, a man who seemed old enough to have children, and an old man with wrinkled hands who had lived a life more diligently than most. All of them were condemned to death.
"Execution begins!"
The tax collector shouted, and the soldiers dragged the man to the guillotine.
And then...
Swoosh-!
The man's severed head fell into a wooden tub displayed in front of them.
Some of the crowd nearby hastily dipped their bread into the dripping blood and devoured it.
"Hic!"
Erwen started hiccuping at the sudden bloodbath in front of her.
"Wh, what is this! Who are those people? Why are they dipping their bread in blood?"
"There's a superstition that drinking the blood of those executed by the tax collector brings wealth."
Erwen frowned, clearly confused. She seemed more shocked by the bread than the beheading.
"Erwen, how much is your first-year tax?"
"For an alien, it's 700,000 Stones."
"I see."
It was 600,000 Stones in the game.
There was a slight discrepancy, but it was fairly close.
"At least you don't have to worry, Mister. You earned a lot more than that."
Huh? That's true, but...
It wasn't something she should be saying, with her sister's backing.
Besides, I wasn't planning on saving this money for next year's tax.
The reason was simple.
"Erwen, how much is your second-year tax?"
"800,000 Stones. And there's also a conversion fee."
Taxes keep increasing until you reach a certain level.
That's why now is the time to invest in myself.
The first year is the best time for rapid growth, with no conversion fees and relatively low taxes.
"Ouch! Please, save me!"
"Secure the gag!"
"Next month! I can pay it next month— Ugh, ugh! Ugh!"
Anyway, it's a good thing.
Humans rely heavily on visual information, right?
Swoosh-!
Seeing it with my own eyes made it real.
Returning to the original world.
I needed to set more concrete intermediate goals instead of that unrealistic objective.
For example, assuming my lifespan is 90 years.
If I can't find a way to return home and have to spend the rest of my life here...
'How much would I need?'
Well, I'll have to do some calculations.
To live in a house with a kitchen, get treatment when I'm sick, retire at 50 and still be able to afford three dogs and live comfortably...
"Sixth floor."
It's a rough estimate, but I need to save every penny until I retire at the sixth floor.
That's why...
"What? What did you say?"
"Nothing."
I need to reach at least the sixth floor.
Whether or not I can return home.
That's a problem for later.
***
「630,000 Stones transferred from 6th-ranked Explorer Daria Whittember De Tersia.」
「Equipment sold.」
「Equipment sold.」
「Overall Item Level reduced by -43.」
「Equipment sold.」
「Equipment sold...」
「...」
「...」
「TIP: Your current total funds are 1,403,520 Stones. Use this to increase your overall combat strength!」 