Chapter 19.  Lapdonia (3)
“Then I’ll be on my way.”
“Ah, yes… goodbye… .”
After parting with Erwen, the place I headed to was none other than the library.
The calming scent of paper and ink.
A hushed atmosphere, almost as if one should even hold back their cough.
Seeing several frail figures picking out books in that atmosphere, I felt like an outsider.
However, there was a barbarian other than me in the library.
To my surprise, there was another barbarian in the library.
I excitedly approached him and poked his back.
“Jan, Bjorn, son of Jandel?!”
It was you after all.
Ainar, the second or third daughter of Fnellin.
“Good to see you well.”
“You too!”
“…We should probably lower our voices.”
Ainar lowered her voice, as if she could feel the eyes of the people around her.
“Sorry. I guess I was surprised to see another of our kind here, besides myself.”
Same goes for me.
“What are you doing at the library?”
“You said last time, just think and act. I was thinking that I needed knowledge in order to think, wandering around the Labyrinth.”
Well, I see.
Pretty impressive.
If only she wasn’t napping with a book open and snoring.
“Something must have happened in the Labyrinth.”
“It wasn’t easy from beginning to end. Fighting wasn’t the problem, but… .”
Ainar continued, with a bitter expression.
“It wasn’t just monsters that I had to be wary of.”
She definitely seems different from other barbarians. They only boasted about how easily they could beat monsters.
They never admitted how hard it was, even when they were on their deathbed.
“So, that’s why you’re studying here.”
“That’s right. But this doesn’t really seem like it’s for me. Reading is too difficult. I should have studied more when I was young.”
…Oh, is that the problem?
“So, I plan to go to the sanctuary today and learn to read again from the elders. Now that I’m an adult, I’ll have to pay the price.”
It’s still pretty surprising.
The fact that someone could change this much based on a casual piece of advice.
Soon, Ainar closed the book she had opened and got up from her seat.
“Are you going now?”
“If I don’t do it when I think of it, I’ll forget.”
I see.
The more I know, the more I think they are a sad species.
“Then I’ll be on my way.”
As she headed towards the exit, Ainar turned around as if she had suddenly remembered something.
“Oh! Now that I think about it, I said I’d repay you for your advice if I survived. If you need anything, come to the Angry Horned Ox Inn. I’ll help however I can.”
“I will.”
I hope she doesn’t forget this promise in a day or two.
Because I’m going to need help soon.
***
After Ainar left, I spent some time wandering around the library.
Well, it’s not something you see every day, a building the size of the parliament being a library.
Even in the game, the library only had a ‘Construction in Progress’ sign, and I couldn’t enter.
Well, how do you even find books here?
It doesn’t seem like you can just type in a few keywords on the keyboard like in modern times.
Instead of worrying, I decided to ask for help.
“Ahem.”
As I coughed, the librarian, who had been napping at the desk, slowly opened her eyes.
“What is it?”
“I’m looking for a book. Something related to history…”
“Farcityev.”
Before I could even explain what kind of book I was looking for, the sleepy-looking librarian murmured.
At the same time, a faint light entered my body.
What, is that magic?
“You will now be able to find the book you are looking for as you wander around. You can’t check it out, and make sure to put it back in its original place after you’ve read it.”
As the light faded, the librarian only uttered a mechanical statement and began to doze off again.
…What is she?
I didn’t even want to wake her up again, so I wandered around the library as instructed.
As I did so, I felt an urge to go to certain books.
I slowly got a feel for what kind of magic it was.
Demons, History, Labyrinth, Explorer, Essence, etc.
As the keywords I thought of in my head changed, the books that attracted me also changed.
‘What is this convenient magic.’
With magic like this, it makes sense that there is only one librarian. In fact, there were almost no library users, considering the size of the building.
I picked out only the books that attracted me the most and opened them one by one.
[The World That Perished]
The first book I opened, which was almost 700 pages long, contained a description of the early history of this world.
Most of it matched the game.
Thousands of years ago, the land became uninhabitable due to a witch’s curse, and only the last fortress, Lapdonia, was spared from the calamity.
It stated that the royal family created a passageway connecting to another dimension for their starving subjects, who were dying from lack of resources.
That passageway became the Labyrinth.
[Basic Understanding of Alchemy Annotated Edition IV]
The second book described how magic stones obtained from monsters became bread, water, and steel through a series of processes.
I didn’t understand a single principle.
I crammed all the knowledge I could find from the books I came across.
[The War of Relics III]
Thanks to this, I learned more about the reasons behind the current relationship between barbarians and fairies, and what demons are.
People’s perception was that demons were evil beings from another dimension who took over bodies.
Well, is that wrong?
[Demons of the Abyss]
Unfortunately, this book did not describe why demons appear.
However, it was written in detail about the efforts of the Lapdonia royal family and the temple to declare demons as objects of extermination.
It was a great tip for demons.
According to the book, you won’t be suspected of being a demon unless you say a forbidden word.
For example, [Dungeon and Stone].
…I should stop shouting Sparta too.
[How Explorers Evolved?]
[The Twins of the Lapdonia Royal Family]
[On Heroes]
[The Life of Bifron of the Asylum]
As I continued to read, I finally obtained the information I was looking for.
[On the Death of the King]
This book was about the death of the first king, or the immortal king, Ravigion III.
However, I didn’t care about the various suspicions surrounding it, or the changes that stemmed from it.
What’s important to me is the time.
Let’s see, the date is…
“150 years ago…?”
It was the moment when my hypothesis was proven.
The King’s death, according to the book, was about 150 years ago.
In other words, this place is 150 years in the future from the game’s perspective.
Damn it.
I guess I’m going to be living in the library for a while.
“Ugh… .”
I closed the book and took a moment to rest my eyes.
Even though I only read the important parts, my eyes felt like they were going to burst after reading ten books.
But I decided to finish reading the two I had pulled out.
Just a little more effort. Maybe there’s some important information in them.
[Observations of Dimensional Instability]
Was this the book that the blonde who saved me from crawling on all fours read?
The book contained statistics and cases similar to mine.
The blonde was right, falling to the outermost edge is something that happens once in a hundred years…
“Bullshit.”
As someone who has experienced it, I’m telling you, it happens much more often than that.
Most people are just dead, so they don’t know.
Most of the rest of the content was statistics, so I was flipping through the pages when I stopped on the last page.
At the end, there was a deduction by the author, ‘It is possible that entering the portal at the moment it closes may be related to instability.’
If that’s true…
It’s my fault.
I need to move on before I get sad.
[The Complete Compendium of 9th Rank Essence]
Finally, the last book.
It was an encyclopedia of the abilities of the essence emitted by 9th rank monsters, but unlike the game, it didn’t give information in exact numbers.
[Goblin]
Patience (Low) Sense of Smell (Low) Poison Resistance (Low) Dexterity (Low) Sight (Low)
*Inflicts paralysis poison when using melee weapons.
*Creates traps.
As I looked at the other monsters, it seemed that a stat score of 21 or higher would be considered ‘Medium’…
There was no way to know the standard for ‘High’ or above.
According to the instructions on the first page, information on rank 8 or higher must be purchased from the Explorer’s Guild.
“Ugh… .”
I closed the book and stretched my arms briefly.
It was dark outside.
It was almost time for the library to close, as there were almost no other patrons left.
I put all the books I had read back in their original places and went back to the inn.
I had a simple meal and then collapsed onto the bed.
That made it the third day in the city.
“27 days left… .”
The Labyrinth opens at midnight on the first day of every month.
A month here is exactly 30 days, so in about four weeks, I’ll have to go back into the Labyrinth.
“…”
What can I do in the city in the remaining days?
No, what should I do?
As I was organizing my thoughts, I began to feel sleepy.
Tomorrow, I’ll start looking for new companions.
***
“Mister! Mister! Wake up!”
Erwen came to my room and knocked on the door first thing in the morning.
Her voice was pretty cheerful, but…
‘Why did she come here?’
She wouldn’t have come here to follow me instead of her sister, would she?
To be honest, I thought that I had nothing more to do with her.
“What’s wrong?”
“Look at this! I succeeded with the contract!”
As soon as I opened the door, Erwen blurted out a nonsensical sentence.
“Contract? Oh, you ate the ‘Spirit Stone’, didn’t you?”
The Spirit Stone is an item that allows fairies to contract with other elemental spirits.
If the user is lucky, that is.
“Yes! I succeeded in making a contract with a new spirit yesterday after I left you!”
“You were lucky.”
In the game, a Spirit Stone cost about 150,000 stones.
The success rate was only 10%.
This was probably a gamble for her, using almost all of her assets, but she managed to succeed?
“Yes! It worked after trying about ten times with the one my sister bought me!”
…Damn, is she here to tease me?
As a barbarian with a silver spoon who only inherited his body, I feel deprived.
When we first met, I thought she was a poor kid, saying she had a younger sister to take care of, but now she’s a rich girl.
That bow she’s carrying must be a gift from her sister too.
“Anyway, it seems you’ve made a contract with a wind spirit.”
“Yes! I’m really lucky in many ways. Fire and wind are a good match!”
That’s a pretty one-dimensional method of operation, compared to what I expected.
Can’t it make the arrow spin to increase penetration, or make it silent when the arrow is fired?
If it could do that, its combat power would increase even further.
“Oh, I haven’t thought about that… It might work, though?”
What is that tone?
For some reason, I feel bad.
“Anyway, you’re here. Have you had breakfast?”
“Not yet.”
After breakfast, I went downstairs and continued talking.
“What can you do with a wind spirit?”
“I can slightly change the trajectory of an already fired arrow, or shoot it even faster!”
It’s a pretty one-dimensional way of using it, compared to what I expected.
Can’t it make the arrow spin to increase penetration, or make it silent when the arrow is fired?
If it could do that, its combat power would increase even further.
“Oh, I haven’t thought about that… It might work, though?”
What is that tone?
For some reason, I feel bad.
“Anyway, you’re here. Have you had breakfast?”
“Not yet.”
After breakfast, I went downstairs and continued talking.
“What can you do with a wind spirit?”
“I can slightly change the trajectory of an already fired arrow, or shoot it even faster!”
“I see. Well, go up again.”
“What? Why?”
“I have something to do in my room.”
Erwen tilted her head.
She looked like she had no idea.
“You didn’t think you paid me back in full with that last thing, did you?”
“What? No? I didn’t?”
She’s so naive.
Click.
I locked the door so no one could get in, and sat Erwen down on the bed.
“Now, use your ability.”
I need to check a bunch of things. 
Whether or not it’s hard to use skills, how long it takes to use them again, what weaknesses are hidden in her stealth ability, and so on.
“Uh, okay… .”
The more I look at her, the more I think she’s a useless character.
A waste of a talent.
I guess she doesn’t know what she’s capable of.
How about I teach her?
What a great opportunity this is.
“Now, use your ability, Erwen.”