Chapter 2 Tutorial (1)
I close my eyes.
And I ask myself.
If this is the introduction to an extremely unfriendly game, what should I be doing now?
‘First, assess the situation and gather information.’
Whew, it seems like my mind is coming back to me.
Remembering the first task I set for myself, I slowly opened my eyes and checked my surroundings again.
Sadly, nothing had changed from before.
“…….”
The fact that I'm in a clearing in the woods.
The fact that what's illuminating the dark surroundings isn't an LED streetlight but flickering torches.
Most importantly, the fact that there are muscular barbarians everywhere I look, in every direction…
“Congratulations! Young warriors!”
Damn it, I wasn't seeing things after all.
I don't know what they're doing all huddled up together in the middle of the night, but their expressions are quite solemn.
Is that guy in the middle the chieftain or something?
Well, that’s not important.
“Starting today, you will leave the sacred ground and become true warriors!”
I closed my eyes, ignoring the chieftain’s words.
Although I’m not a doctor, I can do a self-diagnosis, and I’m suffering from blackouts.
I don't know why I’m here.
“Now, one by one, come forward and choose a weapon that suits you!”
So, let’s try this.
What was I doing just before?
Let's see, thinking step-by-step, in case there’s something wrong with my brain, my memories soon came back.
I was playing a game.
I was about to face the final boss, and I was excited as I activated the portal. Then, suddenly, a message popped up saying "Tutorial Complete" and "Starting Transmission", and there was a bright flash of light. Then…
I regain consciousness, and it’s now.
Somehow, it's more confusing than before.
“Karak, the third son of Panun, come forth!”
First, I decided to check my body.
There’s no pain, but you never know.
Thinking that, I bowed my head and stiffened.
…What the hell is this?
“A double-handed axe! Excellent!”
The hand I look down at is incredibly large. And surprisingly, it moves as I wish.
I checked other parts of my body as well, and it was a disaster.
I didn’t even need to take off my shirt; there are all sorts of tattoos on my muscled body.
…No wonder everyone seemed so tall; I was on their level.
First, I tried to make sense of the situation.
Actually, there wasn’t much to make sense of.
Somehow, I had become a barbarian without knowing it.
“Karak, the third son of Panun! You are now a warrior!”
Kidnapping, hidden cameras, psychological experiments, and so on.
I immediately erased similar possibilities from my mind. There’s no point in indulging in wishful thinking when the situation is so bizarre.
It's more productive to admit it and move on.
What's happening to me now is something that cannot be explained by science or modern knowledge.
There is more than enough evidence, besides this large body.
“Next!”
First, the language that barbarian uses is not Korean, English, or Spanish.
A language that I have never encountered in any media in my life.
The problem is that I can understand it naturally, as if it were my mother tongue.
It’s as if knowledge has been imprinted on my brain.
“Ainarr, the second daughter of Fnellin, come forth!”
Second, this situation feels familiar.
You might think I’m crazy, but I really do feel this way.
At first, everything was unfamiliar, but once I came to my senses, I felt a strange sense of déjà vu.
“You chose a sword! A wise choice that suits you well!”
The fact that the young barbarians are choosing weapons in turn.
That’s the only thing they have in common…
But… it reminds me of the beginning of *Dungeon & Stone*.
To be precise, when you choose the "Barbarian" race, the game starts like this.
But is this really a coincidence?
The game I was playing when the mysterious light swallowed me up was *Dungeon & Stone*, and the main character I was playing was a "Barbarian."
“Ainarr, the second daughter of Fnellin! You are now a warrior. May the protection of 'Lapdonia' be with you!”
‘This is insane….’
I decided to stop listing the remaining evidence.
Lapdonia.
Thanks to this proper noun that the chieftain just mentioned, everything became meaningless.
I now know where I am.
The world of the game I’ve played for nearly a decade.
“So, *Dungeon & Stone*.”
Wait, what's going on? Why is he speaking for me?
I glanced at the barbarian next to me and stiffened. Even at a glance, he was different from the other barbarians.
“What, what is this? Why am I here….”
His breath is rough, and his eyes are filled with confusion.
He knows *Dungeon & Stone*, too. Is he in the same situation as me?
I felt the need to confirm, but sadly, I couldn't even attempt it.
“Who just spoke!”
My ears felt numb from the loud voice.
Of course, it didn’t last long.
I don’t know when he arrived, but the chieftain was looking down at me, and my mind cleared up.
“Is it you?”
I immediately shook my head in response to the question. Then, naturally, I looked at the barbarian next to me.
I was impressed by how quickly I moved.
The chieftain also moved his gaze to the barbarian next to me instead of questioning me.
Sorry, but you were the one who spoke.
“Is it you?”
“Huh?”
“I asked you if you were the one who mumbled just now.”
I realize it now, but the chieftain's expression is unusual. It doesn’t look like it’s just because he spoke…
“Ah, you mean *Dungeon & Stone*? But… why?”
The guy doesn’t seem to have realized the atmosphere yet.
“It was you… ”
The chieftain grits his teeth, and I catch a glimpse of sorrow in his eyes.
Feeling a strange sense of foreboding, I unconsciously took a step back.
Then, the guy tilted his head and asked.
“Is this like an event? Ah, maybe I was too quick to figure it out…”
I couldn’t see what happened; it all happened too fast.
Something flashed, and then there was a creepy sound.
Scritch-
That’s all it took.
Time passed in an instant, and the head that fell with a dull thud rolled around.
A brutal sight, almost unreal.
My eyes sent the information they had just seen to my brain.
“…….”
A person’s neck was cut off in front of me. I can see the bones and the cross-section of muscles. Something white splashed on my face, along with the blood and flesh. What is this? Is it fat?
Well, I don’t know.
It wasn’t as shocking as I thought it would be.
I didn’t feel nauseous, like in movies or cartoons, and I didn’t have a mental breakdown thinking it was all a dream.
Pshhhwoooot!
Even as I watched the blood spout from the person's neck, only one question filled my mind.
Why did the chieftain kill him?
“The spirit of Orum, son of Cadua, is possessed by an ‘evil spirit’. Young warriors, erase all the words spoken by the evil spirit from your memories!”
As I listen to the chieftain’s words, information is naturally combined in my head.
Information 1, I am an evil spirit.
Information 2, If this fact is revealed, I will die.
Information 3, I could have been like that guy if I hadn't been careful.
After reaching that conclusion, a chill ran down my spine, even though I had been fine when the person's neck was cut off.
“Bulkan! Inform the shrine of this matter immediately, taking the body with you!”
“What about the coming-of-age ceremony?”
“It will continue!”
A lot of blood was shed, but the coming-of-age ceremony continued.
It seems like this kind of thing is common here, because no one blinked an eye. It was the same for the other young warriors.
But maybe it's because I've played so many unfriendly games?
Even though no one told me, I was able to clearly understand what I had to do now.
—Do not reveal to anyone that you are an evil spirit, and successfully complete the coming-of-age ceremony.
A friendly game would have shown me this message.
I engraved the updated task in my mind and forced myself to stop shaking. Then, I imitated the expressions of the others, taking their behavior as a guide.
No one can sense anything off about me.
To them, I’m nothing more than an ‘evil spirit’ that has taken over a host’s body.
“Next!”
My heart sank when the next turn came.
“Serum, the fourth son of Kenic, come forth!”
I don’t know my name.
This is a serious problem that could cost me my life.
If I don’t move when my name is called, it will definitely look suspicious.
“Next!”
Of course, I could just pretend I didn’t hear.
That’s a much higher possibility.
But if you ask me if I can be sure… it’s a completely different story. What if I'm wrong? What if the chieftain asks me a question because it looks suspicious?
I won’t be able to answer anything.
“Next!”
Did my anxiety trigger my brain's hormones?
Hopelessly positive thoughts start to pop up.
‘If I'm called last, it won’t matter if I don't know my name.’ That's a weak thought.
“Next!”
I felt ashamed of myself.
Relying on luck?
I’ve never been lucky in my entire life; I’m just unlucky. The fact that I ended up here playing a game proves it.
To survive this crisis, I need a much more likely plan.
“Next!”
For that reason, I continued to observe my surroundings.
My chin was pointed straight ahead, but my eyes scanned the other people’s expressions, movements, and habits.
As I was doing that, an idea came to me.
“Next!”
Of course, this method isn't 100% guaranteed.
But time was short, and I made a final decision.
This is the most likely way to survive.
“Next!”
“Next!”
“Next!”
The roll call continued.
Every time, I counted silently for about 2 seconds.
It was the eighth time I had done that.
“Biorno, the son of Yandel, come forth!”
The moment I had been waiting for finally arrived.
Even though 2 seconds had passed since my name was called, no one moved.
As I realized this, I took a step forward. Then, I confidently walked towards the chieftain with my shoulders straight.
Thump.
I'm not fearless.
Even as I take this step forward, I’m not sure that’s my name.
Thump.
If I’m wrong, the crazy chieftain will surely stop me, suspicious that something is up.
He’ll ask, Who’s your mother?
I won’t be able to answer.
But.
Thump.
I didn’t hesitate.
My heart was pounding, but I kept taking steps forward, regulating my breathing.
The reason is simple.
This is the most likely outcome, I decided.
“Young warrior, choose the weapon you desire!”
Ultimately, my choice was right.
There was no suspicion in the chieftain’s gaze as he looked at me.
His gentle gaze, like when he looked at the other young warriors.
I suppressed my strange excitement and caught my breath.
I survived.
***
It had not even been 10 minutes since I opened my eyes.
But I accepted the reality I was facing.
Some people might think I’m strange…
But there’s no point in denying it.
It’s not a dream.
‘Biorno Yandel.’
I have to live with this name from now on.
No, it’s not just the name; I have to become this barbarian completely.
I don't know how long it will last.
Is it possible to go home? If it is possible, what do I have to do?
I don't know anything yet.
Well, maybe I can go back if I complete the game's clearing condition.
It’s too early to say for sure.
Honestly, I hope it’s not true.
No, I haven't even beaten the 2D version yet, so how can I beat this in reality?
Maybe I'll have to live here forever.
“…….”
In that sense, choosing a weapon was important.
I thought I might raise suspicions if I dragged it out, but I carefully examined each weapon.
One-handed sword, double-handed greatsword, mace, iron club, spear, trident, double-handed axe, flail, large hammer, and so on.
There weren’t any bows or staffs.
These barbarians have no interest in jobs like healers, mages, or archers.
It's natural, considering their racial characteristics.
“Biorno, the son of Yandel! Choose your weapon!”
The chieftain started to urge me as I took my time to choose.
I made my final thoughts.
Barbarians naturally have no magical talent, but they have incredible physical abilities.
That’s why, when I played as a Barbarian, I always gave them melee weapons and put them in the front lines.
I was curious and tried playing as an Archer Barbarian, but it wasn’t good.
Their true worth always came out in melee combat.
And out of all of them…
‘This one.’
After careful consideration, I chose my weapon.
“Hmm.”
The chieftain, who had always expressed admiration and praise after each choice, reacted strangely for the first time.
I could fully understand his feelings.
“Biorno, the son of Yandel! You are now a warrior!”
I chose a weapon that no one else had chosen.
***
At that moment, the dark room, where the flash of light had faded.
「Synchronization complete.」
「Character information and log are recorded and transmitted to the administrator.」
The fan of the main unit, which had been off, started spinning, and the light from the monitor illuminated the empty room.
However, it did not boot up properly.
Beep, beep, beep—
The black DOS screen stopped, as if there was an error, typing being entered in sync with the beeping sound.
「The coming-of-age ceremony was successfully completed.」
「New equipment was equipped.」
「Overall item level increased by +12… 」
「… 」
As if someone was writing it in real time, those sounds alone echoed quietly in the empty room.
Endlessly, continuously.
「Biorno Yandel」
Level: 1
Body: 25 / Mind: 35 / Ability: 1
Item Level: 24 (New +24)
Overall Combat Index: 67 (New +6)