Chapter 20 Laphdonia (4)
“Good work. Now go.”
“Goodbye!”
Erwen prepared to leave without even a word of objection.
It seemed that the half-day of ability research had been quite difficult for her…
“I’ll come again!”
Come again?
Ah, I didn’t say that.
“You don’t have to make time to come here anymore.”
“Really?”
What are you surprised about?
This is only natural.
You’re not my colleague, after all.
“You’ll need time to get used to your new abilities. You’ll be better off spending your time more productively until the Labyrinth opens.”
Strictly speaking, this applies to me as well.
Yesterday, I set a new goal.
My goal is to become a mid-level explorer and enter the 6th floor.
Therefore, I have a lot to do from now on.
First, I need to spend 1.4 million stones to grow myself.
If possible, I’d like to receive professional combat training as well. I’m still not using the full potential of this monstrous body of mine.
I also need to read books and gain knowledge and common sense. I also need to spend as much time as possible exploring the city and adapting to its prices and culture.
In short, there is no reason for me to hang out with Erwen unless there is something to do.
“Sure! That’s… true, but?”
“You said you had a younger sibling, right? Go meet her and spend time with her. You have to go back into the Labyrinth in three weeks, too.”
“Yes…”
Erwen nodded her head with a sullen expression.
Maybe it’s because I was her first colleague?
She seems to have some strange fantasy about me. Honestly, I have a pretty good idea what kind of fantasy it is.
But a business relationship usually lasts a long time.
“I’ll keep staying here, so if anything happens, feel free to come. I’ll help you as much as I can.”
“Really?”
“Aren’t we comrades?”
“He he, that’s true! I’ll keep that in mind!”
Once I threw her a carrot, Erwen left with a satisfied expression.
She’s still easy to handle.
Since it was like this anyway, I decided to keep up my relationship with Erwen.
This could be considered networking.
Blood ties can’t be helped, but connections can be made later.
Maybe it’ll be useful sometime.
“…Am I being too materialistic?”
Well, what if I am?
It’s not the time to be picky.
After that, I took a quick shower, went outside, and headed straight to the library again. And I read books for five or six hours after receiving a magical enchantment from the librarian I saw the day before, who I thought was lazy.
‘I wonder if there’s a place that sells something like beef bone soup?’
It was a bit late, but for lunch, I went to a cheap-looking restaurant and ate a thin stew with a few slices of bread.
The price was 450 stones.
It seems like it’s better to eat at the inn, considering the price.
“I am Bjorn, the son of Yandel, the greatest warrior!”
After lunch, I went to the Raging Bull Inn, which I found out from asking around was where Einar was staying.
Surprisingly, there were barbarians everywhere.
“Are you staying here, too? Good choice! This place is only 300 stones a day!”
What, 300 stones?
Surprised by the unbelievable price, I inquired a bit more, and there was a reason.
As soon as I entered the room with five narrow beds, a strong, pungent smell of sweat, aged for several days, hit my nose.
“Are five of us sharing the room?”
“No! Ten warriors share it!”
“…But there are only five beds?”
“We take turns sleeping at set times!”
It wasn’t exactly cheap, it was just cheap because everyone chipped in.
Well, these guys only earn 30,000 or 40,000 stones at most, so they had no choice.
“So, what brings you here?”
“I’m looking for Einar, the third daughter of Fnellion.”
“If you mean Einar, the second daughter of Fnellion, she went out this morning!”
Of course, she was the second daughter.
I should’ve kept the last name.
Anyway, after waiting for about an hour, Einar, who had been out, came back.
“Bjorn, the son of Yandel? Did something happen?”
As we’re both barbarians, I spoke directly.
“I want to fight you.”
“Are you talking about a sparring match?”
“That’s right.”
I need training right now.
In the Labyrinth, I achieved more than any other barbarian, but I’m no match for them in pure combat skills.
“That’s a bit strange.”
Einar tilted her head.
It’s not that it’s a difficult request…
“If that’s the case, you don’t even need to ask, just go out to the vacant lot, right?”
Vacant lot?
Einar led me out through the back door of the inn.
There were already a dozen or so barbarians gathered, swinging their fists, rolling on the ground, and sweating.
Well, maybe even blood.
“Hahaha! That punch was pretty heavy!”
“Yours was too!”
I knew it, I could hear noise from outside since a while ago.
This is just their everyday life.
Elves laugh and talk about how the voice of the spirit is, but barbarians… 
While I was bitterly smiling, watching the barbarians fight fiercely as if they were mortal enemies, Einar asked.
“Is there a reason you have to fight me?”
Actually, there isn’t.
I just thought Einar would grant my request. But now that I think about it, it would look strange if I said no.
“Because you’re the only one who uses a sword.”
“Do you want to learn how to fight a swordsman?”
“That’s right.”
“If that’s the reason, I understand. I have to go learn writing in the morning, so if you come during this time, I’ll fight you as much as you want.”
So, my schedule is free from 5 p.m. onwards.
I should come here every day from now on.
“Will you start today?”
“Of course.”
After waiting for a while, Einar went back to the room, got her sword, and came back.
“Einar vs. Bjorn!”
The other barbarians stopped fighting and started watching.
I came to learn, but I don’t have any intention of losing pathetically, so I tightened my grip on the shield and got ready.
However, the result…
“I’ll go now!”
I got my ass kicked.
It took about three minutes for me to drop my shield after getting beaten up?
She’s really good.
Still, it was a beneficial time in many ways.
“Bjorn, the son of Yandel, was not the greatest warrior after all!!”
“Now Einar is the greatest warrior!!”
“Waaaaaaah!!”
Except for these guys.
***
How many times did I get beaten after that?
The sky was getting dark.
“Do you want to do more? I want to rest too.”
“No. I’ll stop training for today.”
The other barbarians had already left the vacant lot.
After much deliberation, I made a decision.
“Einar.”
“What is it?”
Einar, who was stretching and heading towards the building, stopped in her tracks.
“Are you going to enter the Labyrinth alone again next time?”
“I guess I’ll have to. I don’t have enough money to form a team. But this time, I plan on challenging the 2nd floor if possible.”
I realize how hardcore barbarians live.
A compass and a torch.
Those two things are enough to reach the 2nd floor. But earning money to buy supplies for the first entry and then heading straight to the next floor…
“It’s going to be tough alone, right?”
“There’s no choice.”
No choice…
Perhaps this is why there were so many humans on the lower floors.
Heteromorphs have to pay tax that’s several times higher, so they can’t even pay the first year’s tax if they operate on the 1st or 2nd floors.
It’s clear even with my fellow barbarians.
Didn’t the one who made the most money barely make over 40,000 stones?
“If you’re lucky, you might meet other members of your race on the 1st floor and form a team.”
“I guess so.”
“So, what are you trying to say?”
As the conversation seemed to be getting long, Einar asked me directly.
As a barbarian myself, I said it directly.
“Einar, won’t you be my colleague?”
“Colleague?”
“I’ll cover the cost of forming a team.”
I realized after sparring with her a few times today.
Einar is strong.
From what I hear, she’s one of the best among my fellow barbarians.
Most importantly, she’s pretty smart too.
“I appreciate the offer, but why?”
I need a colleague anyway.
Finding a nightly companion is a pain, and having a partner will actually increase my profits.
And Einar has high combat power, and because of her race, I don’t have to worry about betrayal.
On the other hand, our classes overlap…
After Erwen left, Einar is the best option I can choose.
Of course, there was no need for elaborate explanations, but…
“I just wanted to.”
“I see.”
Einar nodded and immediately made a decision.
“Okay. Every warrior wants to enter the Labyrinth with a clever warrior like you.”
Her response is much more positive than I thought.
I can be a little greedier, can’t I?
“However, there’s a condition.”
“What is it?”
“I’ll take 8.”
“…?”
Einar frowns at my bullying.
Is she offended?
I opened my mouth again and continued with the explanation.
“I’m paying for the cost of forming the team, too. And I promise you, you’ll make much more money than if you go into the Labyrinth alone, even with this smaller share. Besides, I’ll cover all other expenses of—”
“Stop, no need to explain further.”
“…?”
“It’s no use talking about complicated things like sharing 8 and whatnot, you won’t understand anyway. So just give it to me. I trust you.”
“…I see.”
I had no choice but to admit that I had underestimated the barbarian race.
“I’m in your debt. Bjorn, the son of Yandel.”
Einar then came closer and hit me hard on the back.
It was too heavy to be considered a favor…
Well, I should get used to it as soon as possible.
“I’m in your debt, too.”
I have a reliable barbarian colleague.
***
The next morning.
I visited the Sanctuary with Einar.
The Sanctuary is a kind of shared childcare facility.
Barbarians who leave for the city send their children here when they have children. They don’t have the resources to raise children because they have to be warriors until they die.
And barbarians who leave for the city when they become adults repeat this process again.
That’s not what I should be thinking about now, but…
“Bjorn, the son of Yandel.”
As soon as we arrived, the tribal chief came out to greet us.
Damn it, that’s why I didn’t want to come here.
“It’s rare for a departed warrior to come back. Are you here to learn writing, like Einar, the second daughter of Fnellion?”
I calmed my racing heart and shook my head.
“No. Tribal chief, I came to the Sanctuary for a different reason.”
“A different reason…?”
The tribal chief looked at me with interest.
Don’t be nervous.
I learned the barbarian tone and how to address them beforehand from Einar.
I just have to avoid mistakes.
“Tell me what it is.”
I took a deep breath and said calmly.
“I want to receive a Soul Mark.”
Heteromorphs have their own characteristics.
For example, elves control spirits, and dwarves control artifacts.
Barbarians have ‘Soul Marks’.
In the game, it cost a lot of money, so it was a growth method that couldn’t be used in the early stages…
Luckily, I had over 1 million stones.
Therefore, after much deliberation, I decided.
I’m still damn scared of being in front of this bastard of a tribal chief…
“To be precise, I want to receive the ‘Immortal Mark’.”
That’s right.
This is the best use of my money. 