Chapter 22: Level Up (2)
Library, city adaptation, combat training. 
I skipped all the daily routines I'd been doing for a month. 
A true explorer wouldn't be doing those sorts of things on the day the Labyrinth opens.
[08:10]
I got up, skipped breakfast, and rushed to the meeting place I'd arranged with Einar. 
I'd heard that even a slight delay would mean waiting for hours.
“Here I am! Bjorn, son of Jandel!” 
Surprisingly, Einar had arrived before me.
“…When did you get here?”
“I told you I'd leave you behind if you were late! So I slept in front of this place! Come on! We're first!” 
“……”
The line stretched out long before the opening time, with thirty minutes to spare. 
However, thanks to Einar, we were able to enter the Explorer's Guild as soon as the doors opened.
“What brings you here?”
“We're here for the Binding Magic.”
“Are there two of you in the team?”
“Yes.”
“Please put your hands together here.”
As I followed the instructions, a faint light emanated from the crystal sphere. 
The color was a shade of green.
“Two 9th-rank Explorers, I see. The fee is 15,000 stones.”
15,000 stones…
I would've been a little tight if I hadn't saved on living expenses. 
I readily opened my pouch and paid the fee. 
My stomach ached, but it was an inevitable expense. 
The starting point in the Labyrinth is randomized, but receiving this magic beforehand guarantees that we'll start in the same place.
“What's the criterion for an Explorer's rank?”
“It's measured by the total amount of Essence inscribed in the soul.”
“I see. So the cost of binding increases as your rank goes up?”
“Of course.”
Ugh, did everything have to be the same as the game?
“It's finished. It'll only last for 24 hours, so be mindful of that.”
“Understood.”
I left the Explorer's Guild just past nine o'clock, having completed my errand.
“Let's go back to our inn for a meal. They have pretty decent food there.”
“An inn? They cook at the inn?” 
What kind of life did this kid live? 
I asked indirectly, and Einar answered nonchalantly.
“Usually I just bought the bread I ate in the Labyrinth.”
Ah, the one that costs 20 stones per piece.
I'd tried it once to save on food expenses, but I gave up after a while. 
I don't know what the principle is, but what was fairly edible in the Labyrinth was as hard as rock here.
‘That's why it was called Stone Bread, wasn't it….’ 
But to have eaten only that for a month?
I felt a pang of sympathy, so I ordered a meal with meat and stew, and Einar swore his allegiance.
“Bjorn! I'd jump into a fire if you told me to! So don't abandon me!”
After the tearful meal, we went up to our room and spent some time organizing our backpacks.
“Be thorough. It'd be troublesome if you forgot something when the time came.”
“Don't worry! I don't even have anything to pack!”
Time flew by unexpectedly as I checked my gear, packed my exploration supplies and consumables into my backpack.
“Then let's get some sleep.”
“This is the first time I've seen a bed so soft. I think two people could sleep in it! And it doesn't smell!”
We finished getting ready for the Labyrinth, and lay down to sleep side by side. 
But it's pretty cramped with him next to me. 
There was still room when I slept with Erwen.
“Even if you can't sleep, force yourself to close your eyes. You won't be able to get proper sleep for a while —”
Well, what was I worried about?
Dr-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r!
Before I could finish my sentence, a native barbarian-style snore reverberated through the room. 
I chuckled and closed my eyes. 
How long did it pass?
[20:30]
We woke up a bit early and had one last meal on the first floor. 
We indulged ourselves with an 800-stone specialty dish each.
“What in the world is this taste?!”
Einar, who'd been making a fuss throughout the meal, took a bite of the cream pie for dessert and froze.
“M, magic? My, my, tears are welling up.”
“Ah, that, my friend, is what we call 'sweetness.'”
“From now on, I must live my life with diligence……”
It wasn't intentional, but it seemed to have motivated him properly.
“Let's go.”
As we left for the night streets with our luggage in tow, I saw people walking by, unlike usual. 
Most of them were armed like me, carrying large backpacks. 
As I mentioned, it wasn't everyone. Some barbarians were seen with only a weapon in hand, no armor. 
They must have just entered the city after their coming-of-age ceremony…
“Stop! It seems we've lost our way.”
“Impossible! We must reach the Labyrinth within the allotted time!”
“Partun lacks the qualifications to lead!”
This… it's a monthly occurrence, isn't it?
How do they manage to reach the Labyrinth every time? 
I was genuinely pondering the question when…
“If you follow them, you'll reach the Labyrinth.”
Einar approached them and offered advice.
The young warriors looked at her with the eyes of someone seeing a successful senior, thanking her.
“Thank you. We will repay this kindness!”
Einar wiped her nose as the barbarians disappeared into the distance.
“…Heh heh, it brings back memories.”
I wish she wouldn't pretend it was just a memory. 
It doesn't look like anything has changed, to me. 
“Everyone, step back!”
There were already thousands of people gathered in the Dimensional Square. As I squeezed into the crowd, waiting for midnight, light started to burst forth from the center. 
It began small, but the light blob instantly expanded and rippled in the shape of a sphere.
“You may now enter!”
The official shouted, and the Explorers around him quickly threw themselves into the portal. 
I led Einar, avoiding the tide of people and moving to the periphery. 
“Bjorn, aren't we going in?”
“Wait.”
The number of Explorers gathered in the square was decreasing by dozens every second, but the crowd remained dense. 
That was because other Explorers were arriving in quick succession.
The portal opened about forty minutes ago, and the Dimensional Square, once bustling, had thinned out, maintaining a number around seven or eight hundred.
“…Shouldn't we go in now?” 
The portal, which had swallowed tens of thousands of Explorers, had shrunk in size. 
But I continued to wait.
Einar must have sensed something, as he changed his tone.
“Bjorn, what are you waiting for?”
Well, it's a long story…
There's no guarantee it'll work. 
Still, since there was some time left, I decided to give him a brief explanation.
“I plan to enter when the dimension is unstable. It's supposed to happen once every hundred years according to the book, but if I could use this phenomenon —”
“I don't know what it is, but I trust you.”
“……”
“It just feels like I wouldn't understand anyway!”
I honestly expected this. 
It's annoying to have him ask and then say that, but…
The fact that I can leave out explanations for his every action is kind of convenient.
“The gate is closing soon! Step back!”
The light of the portal began to fade.
There were no Explorers remaining at this point.
I finally walked towards the Labyrinth with Einar.
An official shouted at us.
“It's dangerous to go in now!”
I ignored him. 
I don't understand why they say it's dangerous. 
They must know about this phenomenon, judging by the fact that there are even books with statistics…
“Bj, Bjorn! Tall people say it's dangerous! We have to go back!”
Why don't they consider using it?
***
One second, two seconds, three seconds…
Well, counting isn't really meaningful, is it? 
When I had a gut feeling that this was enough…
“Now. Let's go.”
“Eek!”
I pushed Einar's back and entered the Labyrinth simultaneously. 
Flash!
A flash blinded me, and when I opened my eyes again, deep darkness greeted me. 
It means my plan worked.
“I, I can't see! I should have listened to the tall people! Bjorn is an idiot!”
“Einar, calm down.”
I quickly took a torch out of my backpack, lit it, and Einar regained some composure.
“Wh, what happened?”
“You wouldn't understand if I told you.”
“Th, that's… probably true!”
I easily convinced Einar, calmly surveyed my surroundings, and found a stele located in front of a dead end wall, and I was overcome by mixed emotions. 
The Dimensional Instability phenomenon was indeed closely related to the point of entering the portal. 
I was happy, but also a little sad. 
This means that if I'd made a decision just one minute earlier when I first entered, I wouldn't have had to crawl on my hands and knees with one leg mangled!
Whoooosh-!
As I placed my hand on the stele, a beam of light erupted, transforming into a sphere.
“What is this?”
“It's a portal to the second floor.”
In other words, we skipped the whole process of finding our way with a compass, fighting monsters as we saw them, and getting lost in the darkness. 
At least we saved a day or two.
“What?! The chieftain said it would take three days to find the portal! What kind of magic did you use?!”
You wouldn't understand even if I told you.
「You've opened a portal for the first time. EXP +2」
「Your character level has increased.」
「Soul Power +10」
「Maximum Essence Absorption increased by +1」
You have to use bugs well to become a true veteran.
***
「Bjorn Jandel」
Level: 2 (New +1)
Body: 46 / Mind: 36 / Ability: 4 (New +3)
Item Level: 202
Overall Combat Index: 136.5 (New +3)
***
「You have entered the Goblin Forest on the second floor.」
I floated about 3 meters in the air and quickly regained my balance, landing on my two feet.
Thump!
I practiced it, you see.
Wrestling with the barbarians.
“Ugh!”
Watching Einar fall on his butt, I feel my own growth. 
I understand Erwen's laughter at me. 
“Ugh, my butt hurts.” 
It's kind of funny to watch. 
Well, he'll land properly soon enough with his athleticism.
“What is it? That disappointed expression?”
“It's nothing.”
I casually brushed it off and adjusted the clock to 0:05. 
I was supposed to do it right when I woke up, but I forgot. 
Still, it's only five minutes early, so it's no problem.
“…Einar, do you feel it too?”
“Feel what?”
“Like my heart is vibrating.”
It's like a dense something is coursing through my veins, filling my body. 
I've felt it ever since entering through the portal, and now it's become distinct. 
What is it?
I explained the symptoms, and Einar quickly diagnosed it.
“Your soul rank must have been promoted! Congratulations!”
Ah, so I leveled up.
[Dungeon & Stone] also has levels.
Your level determines your Soul Power, which is MP, the resource you need to use Abilities, and the total number of Essence you can absorb increases. 
For example, when I was level 1, I could only absorb one Essence…
But at level 2, it's up to two.
Well, it only matters if I actually get two Essence.
“It's amazing! My soul rank went up even though I haven't killed any monsters yet!”
“There's nothing to be amazed about. It must be because you opened the portal for the first time, which is considered a feat.”
A feat, here, means experience points.
“Hmm, is that even considered a feat?”
It is.
Or rather, ‘speedrunning’ is the easiest way to gain experience once you reach a certain level.
[Dungeon & Stone] has a slightly unique growth system.
You only get experience points from the same monster the first time you kill it. Therefore, you have to kill a variety of monsters to level up, like filling a bestiary.
Wait a minute, isn't this a bit dangerous?
“…Einar, this is a secret between you and me. Got it?”
“A secret? What are you talking about?”
“The fact that I opened the portal first. That's all. If anyone asks, just say it took you two days to reach the second floor.”
The experience points for opening a portal are just 2, which is equivalent to killing two 9th-rank creatures…
‘But unlike monsters, it's cumulative.’
Therefore, adventurers who reach a certain level try desperately to speedrun.
The monsters you can hunt are limited due to various factors, such as the compatibility between you and the monster, their activity areas, the presence of mages, and the characteristics of the god the priests serve.
When you're blocked by a wall, the only solution may be grinding for feats.
But to be able to do this from the newbie level?
I need to keep this trick to myself. 
If it gets out, I won't be able to get away with it.
“I swear on the honor of a warrior.”
Was my expression serious?
Einar looked different and even swore an oath without being asked. It was reassuring, but I needed to move quickly.
“We need to leave this place.”
Soon, adventurers will be entering the second floor. They'll see us and wonder.
Why are you two here faster than us?
It's best to stay out of sight.
As always, I'm more afraid of adventurers than monsters. 