Chapter 23 Level Up (3)
I insert the torch into the groove carved on my helmet.
Then, I tie it securely with a rope.
This is known as the Barbarian Candle Mode.
…Self-loathing creeps in, but it’s a practical method used by other explorers.
Ainár brings his hand close to the flickering flames, then utters a cry of surprise.
“Oh, amazing! It’s not hot at all!”
Of course, this torch is also a kind of magical artifact.
It’s only a foot long, so it doesn’t hinder my movements, and once lit, it lasts for a whopping three days—a useful item.
It was an exploration tool that the crossbow party had.
Was the average price 10,000 Stones?
…Suddenly, I miss Erwen.
“But where are we?”
Ainár looks around, as if the surroundings are finally coming into focus, and asks.
There is a huge gap between seeing it in reality and 2D pixel graphics, but this time it was quite easy to tell.
Black earth that squelches with every step.
Ruins of stone architecture visible everywhere.
And a mournful wail faintly heard from afar.
“The Land of the Dead.”
“Ah, the place where ghouls and deathspins spawn!”
That’s the gist of it, for now.
To be precise, it would be elder ghouls, skeletons, banshees, and even a dullahan, which could be considered a mid-boss.
“I shall take the lead.”
Monsters’ combat power is far higher in the Land of the Dead than in the Goblin Forest.
However, when it comes to being tricky, I’d give the Goblin Forest the upper hand.
Though this place is much darker…
At least there aren’t any traps here.
It’s far more convenient for two barbarians to operate in this area.
“It’s a ghoul.”
Soon, we encountered monsters.
There were only three, a small number.
Of course, on the third day, their numbers will triple.
One more reason to move quickly.
“Bjorn, there’s a magic stone here!”
“Don’t bother reporting it one by one, just grab whatever you see. We can divide it later. We’ll pick up the pace.”
Unlike the Goblin Forest, I immediately left the entrance and continued moving north.
Just then, a scream came from nearby.
“Kieyaaaaaaaaack!”
“B, B, Bjorn?!”
“It’s the banshee’s howling. Ignore it. They rarely attack first.”
“T, That’s right… But is it really alright to leave them alone? It could be dangerous.”
Well, I don’t know.
Maybe if Erwen were here, who could use spirits.
Two physical-type guys can’t catch a banshee, no matter what they do.
Even if we could, it would be a problem.
“If you attack a banshee first, you get cursed.”
“Cursed?”
“A curse called the Mark of Grievance. Until you escape the maze, the banshees will relentlessly pursue you.”
Unless you’re going to spend the whole ten days hunting banshees, it’s best to avoid them altogether.
If the goal is experience points, it’s typical to hunt only one or two on the last day.
“You are truly a wise warrior. I’m glad I followed you.”
I appreciate the compliment.
I try not to show it, but I’m sure you’re well aware that I’m more afraid of this kind than you are.
But that’s that, and this is this.
“Kieyaaaaaaaaack!”
“Caddeuk!”
Please stop clinging to me every time you hear a sound.
Besides being annoying…
It feels like my gripped arm is going to shatter.
“Let, let go… It’s a skeleton.”
Just in time, a group of skeletons appeared with a clinking, clicking sound of their joints.
Their number was a whopping ten.
True to their nature as monsters with abundant numbers even on day one, they were quite numerous.
Well, even if we caught them all, we’d only get three or four magic stones.
“Ahem! I shall deal with them!”
Embarrassed by his fear of the banshee’s cry, Ainár jumped forward.
Tsk, tsk, I clicked my tongue inwardly.
“Ainár! If you look between its ribs, you’ll see its core. If you’re going to capture a skeleton with a sword, you have to aim for that…”
KWAJIK-!
“Huh? What did you say?”
“I didn’t say anything. Don’t mind it and fight.”
KWAJIK-! KWAJIK-! KWAJIK-!
Weakness or whatever.
With each swing of the massive greatsword, Ainár mercilessly crushed the skeletons.
And they never got up again.
***
「You have slain an Elder Ghoul. EXP +1」
「You have slain a Skeleton. EXP +1」
「You have slain a Skeleton Warrior. EXP +1」
「You have slain a Skeleton Archer. EXP +1」
***
We continued north for about eight hours.
Along the way, we naturally encountered various new monsters.
Elder ghouls, twice the size of ordinary ghouls.
Skeleton warriors and archers, classified as mutated species.
It’s hard to say anything definitive about mages, since I haven’t met any yet, but so far, it’s been nothing too difficult.
It’s not just because they’re few in number on day one, but also because my combat power has increased significantly compared to before.
PU-EOK-!
For example, just look at my equipment.
The old man’s two-handed hammer was so heavy that he had to hold it with a short grip.
But now that I’m holding a mace that’s about 70cm long, I can hit things from further away.
It’s much safer, and more powerful too.
Most importantly…
CAANG-!
I’ve got armor.
It’s a plate armor vest, so my forearms are exposed, but even so, it significantly reduces the areas I need to block with my shield.
This allows for much more daring combat.
It’s like I’ve just broken free from my shackles.
“Bjorn, be careful! There are skeleton archers too!”
The steel helmet, with only its eyes, nose, and mouth exposed in a T-shape, protects my most vital point, my head.
Of course, I’d be in danger if I were directly hit by something like a crossbow, but it easily deflected the arrows shot by those flimsy bows.
And I have another barbarian with combat power comparable to mine.
“BEHE—LAAAA—!!!”
We shouted the name of the barbarian’s ancestral god together, and continued our battle that was nothing short of slaughter.
PU-EOK! PU-EOK! KWAJIK-!
No matter what monster appeared, it only took about ten seconds to destroy a whole group.
Is that why?
I felt a sense of exhilaration that I couldn’t experience with Erwen whenever a battle ended.
Ah, is this the true flavor of being a barbarian?
“Bjorn, you’re injured.”
Huh?
I checked, following Ainár’s words, and there’s a slight scratch on my forearm.
However…
“Don’t worry. It’s healing quickly.”
I don’t even need potions, let alone herbs.
“Oh! The wound is already closing! Is this the power of the Soul Mark?”
The first-stage effect of the Undying Mark path is that your natural regenerative ability is significantly increased.
Of course, it’s nothing compared to potions…
I checked the other day, and it took about a minute for a 0.5cm deep cut to heal.
But this alone dramatically increases stability. My HP recovery itself is faster, so my stamina has also increased tremendously.
“Get ready. We’re almost there now.”
I instilled tension in Ainár and slowed down.
The terrain had changed.
The ground was no longer squelching, but hard, and there were mounds here and there, so it wasn’t flat either.
The banshee’s howling was also much louder.
“Kihhihhihhihhih!!”
“Kuhhurh, hwaaaaack!”
Of course, there’s another, more significant change.
From this point on, higher-level species—
In other words, 8th-level monsters—will appear.
“…Bjorn, they really won’t attack first, right?”
He keeps clicking his teeth ever since he got scared by the banshee’s cry.
Barbarians are said to clench their jaws when they’re scared…
I don’t know.
Maybe it’s because I’ve never been that scared yet?
“Kuoouoooouo—!!”
As we kept moving, a strange roar came from the darkness.
Whew, it really chills you to the bone when you hear it in person.
“Ainár, prepare for battle.”
“B, But you said we’re not catching banshees.”
Is this guy deaf?
“It’s not a banshee.”
Deathspin.
Among the many 8th-level monsters that contribute greatly to raising the entry barrier of the game, he is undoubtedly the one considered the worst.
***
KUUNG! KUUNG! KUUNG! KUUNG!
The heavy footsteps I could feel from afar grew louder and louder, and soon, the creature appeared before us.
“…We’re going to fight that thing?”
Ainár asked me, then muttered before I could answer.
“This is going to be fun.”
I can’t understand this guy’s emotions.
Last time, he said he was scared of dying too, but how can he smile when he sees something like this?
While being scared of banshees?
KUUNG-!
As if the light was bothering him, he stopped walking at the edge of the light.
“Don’t get tense.”
“Don’t worry. I’m not tense.”
Why are you answering? It’s meant for me.
Whew, I made a plan while we were coming, but now that I’m seeing it in person, my knees are shaking.
The Deathspin is a humanoid undead monster.
Or maybe it’s closer to a chimera?
It’s over 3 meters tall, with a sword and a shield on both arms.
Not holding them, but literally part of them.
One hand, long and curved, is sharpened like a crescent moon, while the other hand, which spreads wide from the elbow, is shaped like a shield.
It’s called the Protein Blade & Shield.
“Kuoouoooouo—!!”
Goddamn it, don’t yell like that, it’s freaking me out.
I try to reduce the feeling of dread, but it’s not easy.
“Stay calm. We can win if we just follow the plan.”
“Of course I trust you.”
I appreciate that, but this time it was something I said to myself.
…Stay calm.
This is the first time I’m trying this, but as long as I don’t let go of the tension, nothing dangerous will happen.
If things go bad, run without looking back.
“As I said earlier, aim for its head. There’s no point in aiming anywhere else. Got it?”
“Got it!”
No, that wasn’t a signal for you to rush in right now.
“BEHE—LAAAA—!!!”
Ainár rushed in, his greatsword gripped in both hands.
It’s too late to stop him.
The Deathspin, which had been watching us from the edge of the torchlight, also charged forward, brandishing its sword and shield at the sound of his battle cry.
“Kuoouoooouo—!!”
KWA-AAANG!
Ainár’s greatsword clashed with the Deathspin’s Protein Blade, producing a deafening roar.
“Bjorn, be careful! It’s a beast with incredible strength!”
Don’t you usually know that as soon as you see it?
“BEHE—LAAAA—!!!”
I also shouted loudly and charged forward.
I created a wall with my shield and hit the creature’s flank as it tried to attack Ainár, who had been knocked back.
But is this the heaviness that comes with its physique?
It felt like I was slamming into a rock.
CHIZIZIZIK.
The beast put all its strength into it, and my body, with the shield, was pushed back.
There’s no need to hold my ground, but my pride was hurt.
So I raised my toes.
Then, I put all my weight forward and let out a scream, not a roar.
“Aaaaaaaack!”
Goddamn it! It feels like my muscles are tearing apart.
But an indescribable thrill coursed through me.
I felt like I was going to die… but I held on.
And Ainár wasn’t clumsy enough to let that opportunity slip away.
HUUUNG-!
The greatsword, swung with a heavy tearing sound, struck the Deathspin’s back of the head.
He didn’t slice it, but literally…
KAKAK!
That thick greatsword carved into it, but only about 1cm deep.
The dull sound was probably from its skull.
Well, even in the game, the Deathspin’s defense was infamous.
Well, it wasn’t the defense but the regeneration that made many newbies quit the game, though.
“Kuoouoooouo!”
“Get back now!”
We created distance, dodging the enraged Deathspin.
Crimson blood dripped from where the greatsword was pulled out, but the bleeding stopped in less than three seconds.
It’s a passive skill he has, “Preservation of the Flesh.”
“Ainár! Create an opening. I’ll try attacking this time!”
I was about to rush in, having quickly given my orders, when…
DRDRDRDRDRDR!
Suddenly, the ground began to shake.
It was a new effect, but I knew what this phenomenon was as soon as I saw it.
The Deathspin’s active skill.
“Call of the Dead.”
“Get away, ghouls are coming out!”
When the tremors stopped, ghouls emerged from the ground, digging their way out.
There were exactly ten of them.
“Take care of these first!”
“Got it!”
While Ainár swung his greatsword at the ghouls…
“Kuoouoooouo!”
I focused on the Deathspin, keeping a close eye on it.
However, the ghoul pups, who kept trying to get my attention, scratched my skin with their claws, turning it into rags in an instant.
Of course, it’s not a big deal.
I have regeneration too.
Not as much as you, but still.
“Bjorn! I’ll take care of this one now!”
After enduring for about two minutes, the ghouls were dealt with.
I couldn’t help but laugh at myself.
I survived, enduring the Deathspin’s summoning pattern without actually hitting it.
‘I don’t even do that in the game.’
As Ainár took over the Deathspin in a baton pass, I drew out my mace and moved behind the creature.
And I smashed it in the back of its head.
PU-EOK-!
It was a good sound with a good feel.
Even with the actual scalp, rotten blood flowed out.
Still, I kept swinging the mace.
PU-EOK-! PU-EOK-! PU-EOK-!
The power that would have turned a goblin into light with a single hit was contained in each swing.
But goddamn it, why isn’t it dying?
KAKAK!
Experiencing it firsthand, I realized its skull is beyond imagination. Even while I’m beating it, its flesh is healing.
…What do I do?
My attack power is insufficient.
I should’ve bought the one that weapons dealer recommended back then.
Should I give up on killing this one and just hunt 9th-level monsters?
KAK! KAK! KAK!
Even while worrying, I continued to smash the mace, but it wasn’t enough to crush its brain.
HUUUNG-!
In the end, I had no choice but to step back, dodging the swung Protein Blade.
But then…
“Kuot!”
The Deathspin suddenly lost its balance and tilted its head.
I checked, and I could see Ainár, who had exploited the opening, grabbing one of the creature’s legs and lifting it up.
It’s a technique I often see in UFC.
Could this be…
‘A single-leg takedown?’
“BEHE—LAAAA—!!!”
His muscles were pumping, his veins were popping out, and it looked like he was the monster, but…
His intentions were clear, and the possibility was there.
I immediately joined in.
PU-EOK-!
I slammed my mace onto the ankle, the one touching the ground, with all my might, and the massive creature lost its balance and momentarily suspended in the air.
And then…
KUUNG-!
It crashed to the ground.
In professional terms, a takedown.
This is the first time I’ve seen a fight like this against a large-type monster.
…There’s nothing a barbarian can’t do.
“Kuoouooouot!”
The Deathspin writhed like a flipped bug.
We were about to rush in, but we both flinched at the same time.
“Kuoouooouot!!”
You, you can’t get up on your own, can you?
“Bjorn!”
“Oh!”
We understood each other’s thoughts through our eyes alone.
Ainár and I ran to the fallen creature and started beating it like crazy, each taking turns with our weapons.
It was like putting a rice cake on a mortar and taking turns pounding it.
PUK! PUK! PUK! PUK! PUK!
Come to think of it, I remember doing this with rice cakes at a folk village I visited when I was in elementary school.
“This is fun!”
Seeing Ainár enjoying himself, the wounds in my heart healed.
It feels like my soul is becoming pure.
「You have slain a Deathspin. EXP +2」
We smiled brightly as we watched the Deathspin turn into light and disappear.
We succeeded in hunting the 8th-level monster, without any powerful mage magic, divine power of a priest, or fairy spirit magic.
“…Bjorn, look at this! The magic stone is huge!”
We, the barbarians, had achieved victory. 