Chapter 24: Raiders (1)
A 9th-grade magic stone is worth one stone bread.
In other words, each one is worth about 20 stones.
Then what about an 8th-grade magic stone?
Sadly, the value of one Deathspine was equal to only five goblins.
“What? Only a hundred stones?!”
“…Including what the summoned ghoul dropped, it's 300 stones.”
Of course, even with that taken into account, there's no denying that it's a low price.
We just had to risk our lives.
“Bjorn… How much was that bread we had at the inn?”
“…I think it was about 300 stones.”
“Then… That means we can at least enjoy a little sweetness every time we kill a Deathspine!”
It seems like the cream pie we had earlier has become a new unit of measurement for Einar.
Of course, if we split it 8:2, it would be 0.2 sweetness per Deathspine…
It’s better not to say that.
“Bjorn! This is no time to be idle. Hunting! Let's go hunting!”
We were briefly disappointed by the smaller amount than expected.
Seeing Einar regain his energetic demeanor, I smiled.
In this regard, it wasn't bad to be with a Barbarian.
Erwen, my former comrade, was great in every way, but she had a weakness for being passive in everything.
Motivation is much easier this way.
“Alright, let’s go!”
After that, we continued to hunt Deathspines, constantly searching the vicinity.
Even if it took over 20 minutes per hunt, even earning 300 stones could be considered a loss…
But the first try is always an exception.
“Cuoooooo!”
“Behel—raaaaa!”
Every time we encountered a Deathspine, we charged together, calling out to our ancestral gods.
Then, we grabbed each other’s legs and lifted them, slamming them to the ground.
It’s called the Double Barbarian Tackle.
Kuwung!
The fallen Deathspine was an easy target.
We took turns pounding it from the head, which was out of reach of our arms, and soon it turned into light and disappeared.
It took about three minutes to get that far.
As soon as it fell to the ground, the creature sensed danger and summoned ghouls, making it difficult to shorten the time.
“Uooooo!”
As the hunting continued, the magic stone pouch filled up quickly, but we weren’t satisfied and pushed even harder.
Because hunting Deathspines would become impossible on the third day.
If we hadn't used a bug to reach the second floor faster than anyone else, I wouldn't have dared to fight this creature.
Originally, they weren't solitary creatures.
Two might be manageable, but if three or four form a pack, we wouldn't be able to handle it with just the two of us.
[14:27]
Checking the time, I took a short break.
They say to strike while the iron is hot, but accidents tend to happen when you’re in a rush.
“Bjorn, I'm thirsty.”
“Save it. The corpse flower won't bloom until tomorrow.”
“Corpse flower?”
It's the only way to replenish water in the Land of the Dead. When the time is right, flowers bloom on the vines that cover the ruins of stone buildings, and if you split them, you’ll find water inside.
When I told him this, Einar turned serious.
“Bjorn, isn't that a little unsanitary?”
It’s true, of course.
I heard it was drinkable, but even I feel uncomfortable about it.
However, it’s not something guys who slept in a five-person room with ten of them without washing should be saying.
“Then is there any other way?”
“No! I'll drink it!”
After resting for about 20 minutes to replenish our stamina, we continued our hunt.
And until we were about to collapse from exhaustion, we hunted a total of 70 Deathspines.
That’s more than 20,000 stones in profit per day.
‘Is this better than just hunting 9th-grade monsters?’
However, the essence I had secretly been hoping for didn’t appear.
***
The drop rate of essence is so ridiculously low that it’s beyond words.
So, in the early stages, the basic principle of this game is to plan your leveling method based on the essence that drops…
And how well you do that determines the player's skill.
In that sense, I had secretly been looking forward to it.
The essence of a Deathspine is among the top tier of essences obtainable in the early stages.
‘The problem is that there’s no sign of it appearing.’
The active skill “Call of the Dead,” which summons ghouls, is honestly vague, but the passive skill “Preservation of the Body” makes up for it.
Of course, eating the essence won’t make you regenerate like that monster, but…
It has a good synergy with my undead inscription, which increases my regeneration coefficient.
[02:57]
I checked the time as I listened to Einar’s snoring.
A day had passed and the second day had begun.
From now on, I’d have to fight two Deathspines at once, but there’s a little bit of reassurance too.
At least I won’t look strange when I meet other explorers.
I repeat, I’m most afraid of explorers.
“Einar, wake up.”
“…Didn't… didn't eat!”
“It's shift change.”
Three hours each.
We rested for a total of six hours and continued to hunt Deathspines on the second day without fail.
“Cuoooooo!”
Two of them this time.
There were twenty ghouls summoned as active skills, but we could still manage somehow.
Thanks to the countless times we’d fought them on the first day, we had learned the tricks.
Kuwung-!
We rushed towards one of them, blind as a bat, and slammed it to the ground first.
Then, we tackled the other one together.
If we slipped up even once during this process, it could be quite a predicament…
But if that happens, we just run away without looking back.
“Einar, let's run!”
“Ooh!”
Deathspines are slow, and they have a habit of not chasing after you if you’re out of their territory, so we haven’t had any dangerous situations yet.
Swaaaaaaa-!
Each battle takes about 10 minutes.
We even failed three out of ten tries, but we were still able to get two each, so our income was similar to the first day.
On the first day, it took quite a while to find a pack.
However, as the afternoon passed, we started encountering packs of three occasionally, and the frequency of encounters increased as time went on.
“We should leave this place soon.”
“A wise warrior knows when to retreat.”
The second day was coming to an end.
I reluctantly left the Deathspine's territory. And I returned to the muddy swamp and found a suitable campsite.
That's when it happened.
“……!”
For the first time, I encountered another group of explorers.
The three humans, like us, were wandering in the darkness, relying on a single torch…
But we could only see each other after approaching within 10 meters.
“What are you looking at? If you don't have any business, get lost.”
“Ahem, my apologies.”
Einar spat out the words coldly, and the other group passed us first and disappeared back into the darkness.
It was a little strange.
Thud, thud.
They were only about twenty paces away, and we could still faintly hear their footsteps.
But we couldn’t see the light from the torches they were holding anymore.
They said that most of the floors of the maze have the property of absorbing light, and now I understood what they meant.
It seems like a torch’s light becomes invisible to the naked eye if you are just 10 meters away…
I was deeply engrossed in thinking about this phenomenon when…
“Bjorn, we need to move.”
Einar spoke in a resolute voice.
“They know our location. We might be comfortable with the wall, but it’s safer to find a new campsite.”
That's true, of course.
That's what I was going to do.
But I can’t get used to it.
What’s with this guy, snarling at other explorers to get lost as soon as he sees them…
His character suddenly changed.
“Bjorn, humans are untrustworthy.”
“…Agreed.”
Now that I think about it, we have one more thing in common besides being Barbarians.
It's a distrust of humans.
He must’ve had some kind of incident when he first entered.
I should ask him later.
“Then let’s move.”
We immediately packed our bags and moved on.
However, it was hard to find a campsite as good as before. Should we just settle for a single wall to protect our backs?
I was thinking about that when…
“Kreeee… .”
A groan came from a distance ahead.
“Khack! Huuup!”
It wasn't a banshee's.
It wasn't a woman's voice in the first place…
“…Wait, wait!”
She was clearly speaking.
“Sa, save—”
Damn it.
I should’ve just settled down anywhere.
“…….”
The scream was cut off, leaving only silence.
Einar whispered.
“It wasn’t a monster.”
I have ears too.
It’s extremely rare for a person to beg for their life from a monster.
The circumstances are clear. A person killed a person.
Damn it, what a messed-up situation.
I don't want to get involved. I grabbed Einar's wrist and slowly backed away.
But did we sense something?
“Who's there?”
A cold, low voice came from behind.
It was rough, but it was a woman's voice.
Without a word, we froze in place.
But at that moment.
Piuuuuuuuuuu! Pupperung!
Some kind of flare shot into the sky, casting a faint glow over a radius of 50 meters.
Thanks to that, I was able to lock eyes with the owner of the voice.
We were only 15 meters away.
…If Erwen was here, she would have noticed the presence and escaped from afar.
“Hmm, are you newbies?”
The mysterious woman made a quick assessment of us.
Same to you.
A dagger dripping blood.
Four corpses lying on the ground.
“…A raider, huh?”
The woman asked nonchalantly.
“First time seeing one?”
“Ambiguous.”
I’ve never seen a kid who looks as professional as you.
“That’s right.”
She should be flustered because the murder scene was witnessed, but the woman’s expression was surprisingly calm as she nodded meaningfully.
Somehow, I felt like I knew why.
***
Raiders.
That’s what they call those who hunt other explorers, not monsters.
They don't earn money from magic stones, but by looting the equipment of explorers.
Of course, if they get caught, they’ll be executed the moment they return to the city…
But that rarely happens.
Even though it was self-defense, I killed six explorers and didn’t face any investigation.
There’s no way to know what happened in the maze from outside.
Unless someone tells the outside world.
“…You didn’t wear a mask.”
That’s the most messed-up part of the current situation.
This psychopath is openly flaunting her face while committing her raider acts.
She was a little over 5 feet tall, with a thin build.
She had auburn hair that reached her shoulders, a tattoo under her eyes, and her right earlobe was half cut off.
It shouldn’t be difficult to guess who she is with that much information.
If this was the modern world, they could’ve simply denied it and claimed that there was no evidence…
But in this world where magic exists.
There are ways to determine truth and falsehood even without physical evidence.
“…Were you colleagues?”
“I don’t know.”
The woman shrugged as she looked at the corpses.
“Maybe they thought so.”
That’s why she was showing her face.
Even though I was asking a question that had a predictable answer, I quickly sorted out the information that could be confirmed visually.
There were four corpses in total.
Based on the quality of the equipment they were wearing and the fact that there was a mage, we can tell that they were explorers who were active on at least the 5th floor.
Also, there were no external injuries on three of the corpses.
But they all had traces of blood and vomit on their lips, so…
‘Did she poison them? The man who was killed last must have been resistant, so he was able to survive a little longer?’
I hope my assumption is right.
If she’s someone who can kill four experienced explorers without a scratch, the situation would be even more bleak.
Clank, clank.
The woman squatted down and skillfully stripped the corpses of their equipment.
Then she put each one into her bag.
It’s a magic tool, or something bulky, but it fits in smoothly without any problems.
I felt fear first, rather than envy.
Just having that kind of bag made me feel the gap between her and us.
“Barbarian.”
The woman called us.
I didn’t answer.
Einar quietly asked me.
“Are we going to fight?”
He’s amazing.
If it had been Erwen, she would’ve been trembling and stuttering.
Is thinking about fighting first, no matter how big the gap is, a warrior’s pride or something?
I answered shortly.
“Thinking about it.”
To be honest, I want to avoid fighting.
We can clearly see the difference in our equipment.
But if her skill matches her equipment, well… Even considering the fact that it’s 2:1, our chances of winning are much lower.
Huuung—!
The light shot into the sky ran out of time, and darkness returned.
I immediately made a decision.
“We’re running. At full speed.”
Pride won’t save your life. 