Episode 25: The Plunderer (2)
We're running through the darkness. 
Checking the direction on the compass from time to time, we exert all our strength, running like mad.
“Grrr!”
Various monsters, including ghouls and skeletons, stood in our way, but they were all slow, so it wasn't a problem.
But it's the same for the one chasing us, isn't it?
Tada-dada-dat!
About five minutes passed?
The psychopath will have finished looting by now.
That's a relief.
If we hadn't been dressed like near beginners, she would have given up looting and chased us straight away.
Thinking about it, it's proof that she had the means and the confidence to chase us, even if we gave her time.
Still, it's something that we bought ourselves a little bit of time.
“Bjorn, isn't that the marker?”
There's good news after a long time.
There are ruined stone buildings scattered throughout the land of the dead.
I marked them whenever I passed them.
So I could find the first-floor portal later.
“This way!”
We were active in the vicinity, but we found it faster than expected.
Maybe luck is on our side—
“Who are you?!”
Damn it, I wasn't supposed to plant a flag.
Einar and I stopped at the same time.
It just so happens that we encountered another group of explorers.
Or maybe it's a good thing?
For explorers, plunderers are nothing short of public enemies.
If we explain the situation and offer a reasonable reward, we might be able to get help.
“Barbarians?”
The group of explorers who were pointing their weapons at us from the darkness tilt their heads.
There are four of them.
They're all human, and their equipment looks at least twice as good as ours.
Humans are hard to trust, but we have no choice.
“We're being chased by a plunderer. We need your help.”
“How do we know you're not the plunderer?”
“I swear on the honor of a warrior. Everything I say is true.”
Unlike an elf's promise, a warrior's oath has no binding force.
Surprisingly, this oath works everywhere.
The bald man, who seems to be the leader of the four, hesitates for a moment before speaking.
“If we catch the plunderer, we'll take all the reward. Do you agree?”
“Of course.”
“Good.”
The bald man gestures, and the other explorers lower their weapons.
Surely, if I wasn't a barbarian, it would have taken a lot longer to let down their guard.
“Come here first. We'll talk about it later.”
As we approach them, a yellow-haired man, about 160 cm tall, uses his ability.
“It's a dwarf's ability. It allows you to blend in with your surroundings within a 3-meter radius when you're on the ground.”
To put it simply, it's like a goblin archer's stealth ability, but with a range.
However, it has the drawback that you can't move.
“Are you hurt anywhere?”
“No.”
“You're lucky.”
The bald man said, looking at me.
He's right.
We ran into a group of explorers who have someone with a range stealth ability? With this, we can even avoid combat—
“Two barbarians rolled in, huh.”
Damn it, it was a mutter.
I thought things were going well.
It's not going to happen, no way.
***
「The character has entered a [Suppression] state.」
***
“Hu-hu-hu.”
The eyes of the explorers, including the bald man, are filled with greed.
One of them is already rummaging through my backpack, even opening the mana stone pouch.
“You've made a lot of money in just two days.”
I want to smash their heads with my mace right now, but my body won't move.
And Einar is the same.
“Why are you surprised that you suddenly can't move?”
It's definitely the power of mana.
I already have a hunch about which mana it is.
There are a lot of similar abilities, but there's only one that these guys, who are explorers at our level, could have.
‘Stone Golem's [Suppression]….’
I'm sure of it.
I've been hit by an active skill of the 8th-grade monster, Stone Golem.
The easiest way to break free is to take any damage, even 1, but…
If these guys have any sense, they'll be careful.
“Hey friend, there's no point in staring like that. It's not an ability that can be broken like that.”
The worst situation that can't be described as just bad.
Damn it, I've done everything I could to survive, but I'm going to die like this?
“Look at those fierce eyes. Can't you figure out the situation yet?”
“That's enough, Lamode. Let's end this. If the plunderer that these guys met shows up, it'll be a nuisance.”
“Tsk, that's a shame. I finally caught a woman, but she's a barbarian.”
“You're dumb, you know. Because she's a barbarian, it's even better, right? You can just sell her heart, it's worth a fortune!”
The ugly desires they've exposed flow through my skin and throughout my body.
The bald man soon draws out a sharp blade.
“Kill her with one blow. Don't make it a nuisance.”
“Tsk, don't worry.”
Whiik!
Killing intent flies on the wind.
The direction it's pointed at is my neck.
‘…Neck?’
Even in this situation where death is at my doorstep, my brain synthesizes the information given to me and suggests one method.
Of course, I don't know if it will actually work.
However, it's much more productive than chewing on regrets as I look back on my life.
Pook!
The sharp blade pierces my neck.
At the same time, a tingling sensation runs through me, and my stiffened body loosens up.
I immediately tilt my head back.
Like a boxer, I turn my face to deflect the power of a punch.
Time slows down.
“…Huh?”
I see the bald man's frozen expression.
The hand holding the dagger is empty.
It's only then that I feel a foreign object in my neck.
‘Ah, it's already halfway in.’
At that moment, my brain comes to a quick conclusion.
Not bad.
Since there's less bleeding, I'll be able to hold out a little longer.
Tssuu-t.
I force myself to push my legs, which are starting to collapse, to keep my balance.
And I swing the mace I'm holding.
Towards the bald man's shiny head.
Kwachik-!
The bald man collapses with half his face caved in.
In slow motion, about 0.5x speed.
“Darvan!!”
I can see many confused faces scattered around.
Why the hell didn't they expect a guy with a blade in his neck to fight back?
“You, cr… .”
Actually, I didn't know either.
That it would work.
“S-s-b… .”
Something keeps welling up in my throat, making me choke.
All the strength in my body drains away, and the light blurs.
Is this shock?
It's tingling from my toes to my head.
I'm short of oxygen and blood.
Jjeolgeureung!
The mace and shield I was holding fall to the ground because my hand loosened.
I want to collapse and rest right now, but…
I still have things to do.
I didn't go through all this just to take one more guy with me.
Tssuu-t.
I take a step and pull myself up, my body swaying.
Then, after pulling out the blade that was stuck in my neck.
I throw it towards Einar, who is about four steps away.
Pook!
Huh, I didn't know it would hit.
“Keuk!”
Sorry, but you can move now.
Seokeok!
As the dagger stabs into his forearm, Einar swings his greatsword, bisecting the waist of the archer nearby.
And as if it were a combined move, he rotates once more, then leaps and slams down on another guy's head.
The iron helmet the guy was wearing was useless.
Kwachik-!
Blood spills out from between the iron helmet, which has become a piece of scrap metal.
“This, this crazy…!”
The yellow-haired man, who was standing far away, sees this and immediately runs away without looking back.
He makes a judgment as fast as a goblin.
“Bjorn!”
Einar, who has finished cleaning up the area, rushes towards me, who's kneeling.
Well, then I can leave the rest to—
“Bjooooorn… !”
Einar hugs me and cries out my name mournfully.
…It's like he's mourning the dead.
I feel uneasy, so I force open my heavy eyes and say.
“Po, keuk.”
“I understand! I will avenge you!”
No, I don't want revenge, so…
「Achievement Unlocked」
Condition: Health drops below 0.1%.
Reward: Mental stat permanently increases by +3.
I desperately opened my mouth.
“Po, tion… .”
Damn it, save me.
***
「Bjorn Yandel」
Level: 2
Body: 46 / Mind: 39 (New +3) Ability: 4
Item Level: 202
Overall Battle Score: 139.5 (New +3)
***
Chiiii-i-i-i-ik!
The hole in my neck starts to heal, accompanied by pain.
But I'm happy.
I can feel so clearly that life is being breathed back into my dying flesh.
“Khh-khh-khh.”
The burning pain awakens my mind, which was dulling.
…I lived.
I really thought I was going to cross the River Styx this time.
Thank goodness I spent 1.4 million stones on the Undead Incarnation instead of doing something else.
If I hadn't, I would have died long ago.
“Einar.”
“Are you feeling better?”
“Equipment, get the equipment… .”
As soon as I had the strength to speak, I gave Einar instructions.
Then, I struggled to get up and poured all the remaining potion into my throat.
Gulugulu.
This is all money, but I can't help it.
The wound in my neck seems to have healed, but I don't know what's going on inside.
I don't know what kind of damage my brain might have sustained from what just happened.
So it's better to be safe than sorry.
“Khh-khh-khh… .”
Indeed, I soon felt a tingling sensation in the back of my head.
Based on the intensity of the pain, it doesn't seem to be serious, but it could have been a big problem if I had left it alone.
“Is it okay if I check it for a second?”
“…What about the equipment?”
“I took everything I could see for now.”
If that's the case.
I nod, and Einar lifts my chin and carefully examines the injured area.
“There will be a scar.”
It's a little strange.
Come to think of it, Erwen said something similar.
Well, the emotions behind it are completely different, though.
“Amazing. You'll be the only barbarian with a neck wound scar!”
Does he think it's like a medal?
Well, even if he's a barbarian who relies on his body, it's not often that a guy with a hole in his neck survives.
“What are we going to do now?”
Einar asks me about my future plans.
I also become alert.
I was just walking a tightrope on the edge of life and death…
But nothing has been resolved yet.
“How long has it been since we left?”
“At most, about five minutes.”
Five minutes…
The situation has actually gotten worse because of these guys.
I'm crazy.
No matter how urgent it was, I tried to get help from other explorers?
Anyway, I'll regret it later.
“Which way did that guy run away from earlier?”
“That way.”
I took Einar and moved in the direction the yellow-haired man ran away.
Even though the ground was muddy, there were no footprints, so I couldn't track him properly, but…
Sure enough.
“He's here.”
I found the yellow-haired man not far away.
He wouldn't have gone very far in this darkness, anyway.
He must have run headfirst into some building ruins because he was running blindly.
“Hiik! S-save me!”
After taking away anything that could be used as a weapon, I roughly stomped on his back to wake him up.
The yellow-haired man fell flat on his face.
He's much more polite than before.
Earlier, he had scoffed at the fact that the woman he had just caught was a barbarian.
“Oh, uh-uhk!”
Einar grabs the guy by the neck and easily lifts him up with one hand.
However, because the yellow-haired man is small, his feet can't touch the ground even with that.
“Keuk, keuk!”
As I watch a human struggling with their neck being choked, I feel nothing but satisfaction.
You should've given proper advice if you were going to give it.
I told him to aim for the head, not the neck.
If he had, there wouldn't have been anything I could have done, potion or Undead Incarnation or anything.
“Einar, let him go.”
Einar releases his grip, questioning my order.
The guy falls to the ground, thud.
I approach the guy, who doesn't even dare to try to escape, and give him an order in his ear.
“Use your ability. If you want to live.”
This is the only reason why I didn't just end this yellow rat's neck right away.
His dwarf ability.
I need it right now.
“I, I did it!”
“How long can you maintain it?”
“30 minutes! No, 40 minutes! So—!”
He talks too much.
I just wanted him to answer my question.
I grab his collar and ask again.
“How long does it take to use it again for that long?”
“It takes as long as you used it to rest.”
“I see.”
I let go of his collar.
And I step on his upper body to prevent him from even thinking about escaping.
Like I usually do with goblins.
“Isn't it better to just kill him? The woman seems to have given up on us anyway.”
I thought it was nonsense, but I can see why he thinks that.
He ran away as fast as he could, but we don't know if he was actually chased.
Even considering the looting time, it's definitely strange that he hasn't shown his face yet.
“Give up… .”
It's true that there's a possibility.
Maybe we weren't worth chasing for the psychopath.
Would it be a problem if we went back to the city and testified?
It makes sense if the face we saw earlier was actually some magical disguise.
But…
Psik.
There's no way things are going to go that smoothly.
Because it's me.