**Chapter 26: The Marauder (3)**

"Ainar, when something happens, always think of the worst-case scenario first."

Just look at what happened a moment ago.

What happened when we coincidentally encountered human explorers and hoped for the best?

The world doesn’t always go the way you want it to.

“The reason we managed to escape back there was because that woman let us go. She probably thought she could catch us whenever she wanted. So it's still too early to feel safe.”

I’m talking more than usual.

Let me get straight to the point.

“By now, that woman is surely—”

“Secretly watching us nearby.”

Damn it...

I thought she’d still be on her way here.

There’s always someone worse, isn’t there?

Or maybe... there’s something wrong with my intelligence.

“Bjorn!”

Just as Ainar and I put down our backpacks and got into fighting stances, a woman emerged from the darkness.

She still wasn’t wearing a mask.

“Too bad, Barbarian.”

…What the hell? How creepy can one person be?

“Still, your struggle earlier was impressive.”

From the sound of it, she’d been watching us from way before, using some gnome’s ability or something…

There’s something that doesn’t make sense.

“…Why didn’t you show yourself sooner?”

It took me a few minutes to be able to move after drinking the potion.

So why didn’t she attack then?

Just as I was waiting for her answer—

“Ugh, ahhhhh!”

The blonde guy suddenly sprang up from the ground and started sprinting with all his might.

Because I was so focused on the psychopath, both Ainar and I reacted too slowly.

But...

Thud!

A thin needle-like object flew straight and pierced the blonde guy’s neck.

Was it poisoned?

Despite the minor wound, his body convulsed like a shaking aspen, and before long, he collapsed, limp.

That’s when I realized.

There’s no time to stand here asking questions.

“Ainar!”

There was no need for long words between us.

The moment I called his name, Ainar kicked off the ground and lunged forward.

I did the same.

If we can’t run away...

We’ll have to fight.

Whoosh!

The marauder dodged Ainar’s greatsword with a simple bend of her waist. And she blocked the downward swing of his mace with a dagger at just the right moment.

Clang!

Damn it…

How many essences has she consumed?

Not only is her dagger unharmed after blocking a mace...

When she applied pressure back, Ainar was pushed backwards.

“Stop this pointless struggle, Barbarian.”

Well.

That’s a bit of an impossible request.

Even if it’s pointless.

“Vahel—ra!”

I am a Barbarian.

Though I haven’t completely shaken off my modern-day mentality.

Clang!

Every day is scary, the pain never gets easier, and I still think of escape as my first option.

But in one thing, I’m just like them.

Clang!

If there’s only one path left...

I will choose to go beyond it.

Without hesitation.

Clang!

I threw away the mace as soon as it clashed with the dagger and attempted a tackle.

As expected, she didn’t budge.

Why is this scout so strong physically?

I couldn’t help but grumble inwardly.

But even if I couldn’t knock her down, I could at least cling to her.

“Ainar! Now!”

Before I could even shout, Ainar’s greatsword was already cutting a powerful arc.

For the first time, the marauder, who had been expressionless, showed an emotion on her face.

“…!”

Surprise, or perhaps irritation.

Hmm, maybe even anger.

Stab!

A sharp pain spread from my spine.

Did she stab my back?

Wait, what about my armor?

Before I could even question it, my strength drained from my body.

[The character is now in a paralyzed state.]

I tried to grab onto her clothes, but my body, which had fought like a monster even after a stab to the neck, wouldn’t listen to me anymore.

Stab!

Another stabbing sound rang out in quick succession.

With a clattering noise, Ainar’s greatsword fell to the ground.

I managed to roll my eyes upward, and saw that a dagger was deeply embedded in Ainar’s wrist.

I thought this was the end, but…

Even as Ainar groaned in pain, she didn’t stop moving.

“Ahhh!”

She swung her left fist, compensating for her immobilized right arm.

Seeing that fighting spirit, I suddenly understood.

Why barbarians, who look no different from big humans on the outside, are treated like monsters by everyone.

But the problem was the opponent.

Whoosh!

Dodging the punch with agile movements, the woman grabbed Ainar’s wrist, twisted it, and…

Thud!

Slammed her to the ground.

Ainar immediately pressed her hands to the ground, trying to get up, but she kept slipping down.

Her bulging, veined arm was trembling.

The woman, her voice cold, muttered as she watched.

“Give up. There’s nothing you can do after being hit by the basilisk’s paralysis poison.”

It was like a death sentence.

My mind went blank, and my vision darkened.

Our equipment, skills, and experience...

There’s a stark difference in every area.

No matter how much I racked my brain, I couldn’t think of any way to turn this situation around.

As the word ‘death’ carved itself into my thoughts.

“If only you’d listened to me.”

The woman bent down, prying my stiff hand off her clothes, and spoke in a dry tone.

“Swear, Barbarian. Swear that you won’t tell anyone about what happened today. Then, I’ll spare your life.”

…What?

***

After a brief silence, the woman spoke again.

“I was planning to make this offer from the start, as long as you didn’t run away. I owe a debt to the Barbarian.”

Instinctively, I could feel that this was the only way to survive...

But I didn’t understand.

I lifted my head desperately to look at her, and she gave a short explanation.

“I don’t want to kill the Barbarian with my own hands if I can help it.”

With her own hands…

Is that why she just watched when the blonde guy was dying earlier?

Because she thought she could kill him without dirtying her hands?

“Bjorn… don’t trust her words. She’s just toying with us.”

But even so, there’s no other choice.

Whether I get toyed with and die, or just die straight up.

It doesn’t make much difference to me.

After spitting out the blood that had risen to my throat, I asked.

“What if I refuse your offer?”

“Of course, I’ll kill you. That was the deal from the start.”

“A deal… with who?”

“You don’t need to know that.”

Her tone was the same as always, but somehow, it sounded a bit more irritable.

“Make your choice. I’ll give you a little time—”

“I swear on my warrior’s honor.”

I didn’t need time.

There wasn’t any other option.

“…You’re an unusual one.”

The psychopath woman, who had been staring at me with a strange look, sprinkled something on me.

Ssss, the familiar pain.

It’s a potion, no doubt about it.

[You have consumed a High-Grade Healing Potion.]

[The character’s paralysis is lifted.]

My stiff muscles started to loosen up, and slowly, strength returned to my body.

“Female Barbarian, what will you do?”

The woman shifted her gaze from me and spoke.

After a brief pause, Ainar responded.

“…I refuse.”

“I see.”

The woman didn’t ask again.

She simply gave a small nod.

But from that gesture, I understood even more clearly.

She wasn’t drawing her weapon, nor was she taking a threatening stance…

But she was going to kill Ainar now.

And there was only one thing I could do to stop it.

“…Ainar, swear.”

“Bjorn?”

“Didn’t you say you’d follow me completely?”

“Yes, but… a warrior’s oath…”

Damn it, what good is pride going to do right now?

“Ainar, second daughter of Phnelin!!”

At my shout, Ainar froze.

Lowering my voice, I locked eyes with her and spoke calmly.

“Trust me this time. This is the right choice.”

After a moment of silence, Ainar opened her mouth, as if the words were dragged out of her.

“…Fine. I will swear.”

“You made the right decision.”

Once Ainar made the oath, the psychopath woman even healed her with a potion.

This is the real definition of the carrot and the stick, huh?

Being forced into a choice by power... feels just as disgusting and infuriating as it always has.

“…Which floor are you from?”

As soon as the treatment was over, I hurriedly asked the woman who had turned her back to leave.

She tilted her head at my out-of-nowhere question, then gave a short answer.

“The eighth floor.”

So, it wasn’t just the fifth floor, huh.

No wonder she was so damn strong, even for a scout.

Even if I had ten more of me, we wouldn’t stand a chance against her.

But...

Whoosh.

As I watched the psychopath woman vanish like smoke, I made a vow to myself.

Next time, things will be different.

***

“Ainar, are you alright?”

“…I’m fine. I can get up on my own.”

Ainar pushed my hand away and stood up on her own.

I wondered if

“…….” I decided to leave Ainar, who had a complicated look in her eyes, for a moment and checked my own condition first.
Let’s take care of this first…
Click.
After removing my armor and checking the back, I noticed a hole the size of a dagger.
The penetration was very clean.
…Could it be 'Aura'?
Damn it.
To encounter such a monster on the second floor, of all places, in this vast land of the dead? What kind of awful luck is that?
I couldn’t think of anything but the need to become stronger as soon as possible.
There was no other way to protect myself in this damn world but to get stronger.
“Bjorn, what will you do now?”
“…I’ll go down to the first floor.”
The Land of the Dead is not a bad hunting ground.
But I have no intention of staying in this place with that crazy woman roaming around. What if she changes her mind and comes back?
“Is that so… I understand.”
Ainar, looking utterly deflated, followed my words without any questions.
Mental care is not my specialty, but…
Sigh, I should say something to her once we get down.
Her expression looked like the world had collapsed.
“Stay close to me.”
I avoided most of the battles we could and moved along the markers.
About six hours passed like that.
Finally, we returned to the portal leading down to the first floor.
Thud!
This time, I landed safely, while Ainar rolled on the ground.
She rolled quite a bit.
But she slowly stood up as if nothing had happened, without even letting out a groan.
“…Does it not hurt?”
“It hurts.”
“Then why…”
“It’s not worth complaining about for someone who is not a warrior.”
…The situation is much more serious than I thought.
Is it that humiliating to have sworn to save one's life?
Well, it was the same in the game.
“Hey, Ainar…?”
“Why do you call me?”
“A surviving warrior is strong. It doesn’t end with a single defeat; it opens up the possibility of victory later on!”
“I can’t understand if you speak too long.”
I tried to sound upbeat, but Ainar’s voice still carried a gloomy tone.
“However, I feel like I understand what you mean by a surviving warrior is strong.”
“Is that so?”
“It must mean that overcoming such humiliation and the impulse to commit suicide right away definitely signifies being a strong warrior, just like you, Bjorn.”
No, I don’t feel that way at all…?
Suicide, what am I, a samurai?
I didn’t mean it that way in the first place.
But it’s not necessary to deny the lucky break I’ve gotten.
“Ainar, you can do it.”
“I don’t know if I can overcome this pain… but I’ll try.”
“Yeah, there will be a day to repay the humiliation.”
Offering heartfelt encouragement, we resumed our journey. After deciding to camp in a suitable place, I put Ainar to sleep first.
“I’ll wake you up in two hours.”
“…This time, I’ll accept your consideration.”
Consideration…
Half right, half wrong.
[07:39]
If I were to count time, it was the morning of the third day.
I hadn’t slept for more than 20 hours already.
Moreover, having gone through such events, the mental fatigue was immense.
But even if I closed my eyes, I would undoubtedly not be able to sleep for a long time.
“……”
I’m not swept up in extreme impulses like Ainar, but…
I feel just as dirty.
It’s a feeling similar to the pain of drinking a potion.
This kind of feeling never becomes familiar no matter how many times I experience it.
Crack.
It felt similar to when I was rescued by the blonde party in the past.
The priest refused to heal me, looking into my eyes.
The examiner threw the potion aside like it was a toy, as if it were a waste.
Even seeing that, I still lay like a dog, accepting the potion.
Of course, I was glad to be alive…
But along with that joy, an indescribable emotion also surged up.
“Phew……”
I let out a long sigh as if to shake off my thoughts.
What the hell am I doing?
It’s not like me to be troubled by emotions.
Maybe it’s time to pull that out.
Closing my eyes, I recalled the advice given to me by someone I respected when I was young.
“Remember, you’re nothing. You can never be someone special.”
It was a magical phrase that always made me a slightly better person.
Yeah, let’s use this emotion as raw material.
Just like I always have.
It’s probably the more efficient way.