Chapter 27: Rift (1)
People grow. 
They grow in different ways. 
Reading, reflecting on their past, sharing a truly honest conversation with a friend, developing a dream they genuinely wish for. 
Or perhaps.
Feeling envious of someone else's fortune, witnessing someone's misfortune, or suddenly realizing the power of desire.
Every inspiration gained from experience helps us grow. 
Today was no different for me.
Well, maybe only a small part of it was spiritual growth.
“One shortbow, one scale mail, three low-grade potions, a dozen ordinary torches... what's this? A portrait? A family member? Whatever, toss this out…”
This would easily amount to over 800,000 stones. 
I chuckled while sorting through the blonde’s belongings.
Come to think of it, I’ve always been like this. 
It’s not always true that every shitty experience is followed by growth. 
But…
“With this, I can get three more armor parts.”
Every time I’ve grown, it’s been accompanied by shitty things. 
Damn it, I’m starting to see what I need to do. 
***
I’m walking inside a cave.
Together with Einar. 
“Bjorn, where are we going now?”
“We’ll move south, where the dwarves come out.”
We took turns resting for four hours each, totaling eight hours. Einar had regained some strength. 
Compared to usual, his spirits are still pretty low.
“Bjorn, it’s fine if we hurry. Don’t worry about me.”
“What’s the rush?”
“I… want to get stronger as soon as possible.”
“I see.”
I don’t need to worry about Einar anymore.
With a clear goal in mind, his dark emotions will become nutrients instead of poison. 
Well, are we not the same?
“I feel the same way.”
All the while standing guard, I’ve been reflecting on my journey so far.
The coming-of-age ceremony, entering the maze, Hans being my night buddy, Erwen, the goblin forest, the 4:2 battle with the crossbow party. 
Even now, I haven’t done anything drastically wrong.
I made the best choices I could given the circumstances.
But…
To put it another way, it means I’ve just been focused on getting through each moment.
“Why did you suddenly stop?”
“Nothing, let’s keep moving.”
There’s room for consideration. 
There wasn’t any tutorial fairy or system message.
My eyes opened, and someone’s neck was immediately severed. After that, I kept encountering things that were detached from reality. 
Therefore, I had no choice but to act as passively as possible, prioritizing safety.
But what good did that do?
“Bjorn…? Your expression isn’t good.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
Always made the best choices?
Bullshit.
It’s just dealing with things.
After something happens, calling yourself the best at dealing with it when you’re the one cleaning up the mess… how good of a choice can that be?
If I really want to survive, I need to be more proactive from now on. 
Then the choices I can make will change.
Didn’t my uncle who was always gambling say this?
Instead of playing by someone else’s rules, roll the dice in a game you made yourself.
Alright, plan change.
“Einar, do you really want to become strong?”
I abruptly stopped and asked. Einar expressed a strong sense of doubt.
“…What do you mean?”
“I’m asking about your determination. There’s a way to definitely become strong. But it’s dangerous. What will you do?”
High risk, high return. 
I wonder what kind of answer he’ll give to this proposal. 
I watched for a while. Einar swallowed his saliva, his eyes sparkling.
“Of course I will. If we don’t get stronger, we’ll all die anyway!”
Yeah, that’s right.
It was that kind of world game. 
Einar, who had agreed, continued shouting. 
“I’m a warrior!”
He said no just now?
I chuckled. 
Seeing the barbarian stance that was so inefficient yet sometimes more effective than anyone else, I realized something. 
“So, what’s this way to get stronger?”
The easy way is the slow way.
And shitty things are natural disasters. 
No matter what path you take, they appear in front of you unexpectedly. 
For my twisted fate, the frequency was even higher.
Therefore…
“I’m going to enter the Rift.”
Strike first.
This time, I’ll be the one looking for a shitty situation.
As someone famous once said.
Pain that doesn’t kill me will make me stronger.
***
“Wow! I see!”
Einar gasped in admiration after hearing my plan. 
Then he asked cautiously. 
“…What’s a Rift?”
How is it that a native knows less than me?
I wish he’d read some books. 
Oh… he can’t read properly yet. 
“A Rift is… simply a maze within a maze.”
I skipped the detailed explanation.
He wouldn’t understand anyway.
“A maze within a maze?”
“Yeah.”
It’s one of the few modern game-like aspects in [Dungeon and Stone], if you will. 
If the person I had to explain to was a fellow modern human, I would have called it an ‘instant dungeon.’
“Sometimes portals open at random locations on each floor. If you enter them, you’ll find a new space that’s not the second floor or the third floor.”
“Ah! You’re talking about the Frost Lord’s Palace!”
So he’s at least heard of it.
The Frost Lord’s Palace is accessible from the Rift on the eighth floor.
I’ve suffered so much to try and eat just one Frost Lord’s Essence…
“But is that possible with just the two of us? I heard the Chieftain almost died when he went there in his youth.”
“It’s fine. We’re on the first floor.”
There are four total types of Rifts that open on the first floor.
No matter what it is, it’s incomparably easier than the Rifts on other floors.
Based on our standards, it would be about seven stars.
Of course, that’s assuming a five-point scale. 
“But how can we enter a place that appears randomly?”
“Don’t worry. There’s a way.”
I’m a nine-year veteran, after all. 
I personally discovered hundreds of hidden pieces in this unfriendly game.
“Bjorn, I’ll trust you!”
I turned east, having been heading south. 
Originally, I was going to hunt dwarves, kobolds, and stone golems on the second floor, ‘Blackrock Mountain,’ which was on the south path. 
‘Suppressing’ a stone golem is troublesome, but it’s not impossible to come up with a strategy if you prepare beforehand. 
However, if I played that way, being cautious and taking things little by little, it would be uncertain if I’d reach the eighth floor in a few years.
“Two barbarians. Are you not looking for a night buddy? If you sleep together, you can sleep more…”
“Scram.”
“No, I was just asking…”
“I’ll blow your head off in three seconds.”
While traversing the first floor, several people stuck to us besides monsters, but Einar took care of them all.
…But wouldn’t it be fine if he just said no? 
“I dislike humans more than ear-nibblers.”
It seems Einar has progressed beyond distrust of humans to the point of disgust.
Whap! Whap! Crunch!
We destroyed every monster that blocked our path, and after moving for almost twenty hours, we were nearly at our destination. 
The time was around 4 AM.
It’s amazing how vast the first floor really is. 
No matter how much of a labyrinth it is, it takes over a day just to get from the west end to the center.
“Bjorn, isn’t this the entrance to the first floor?”
Strictly speaking, ‘entrance’ is inaccurate. 
Most starting points are usually clustered towards the north or the south.
Most importantly, isn’t it dark here?
Whoosh!
Using the ordinary torch I got from the blonde’s belongings, we entered the darkness.
And after how much time had passed?
[You hunted a dwarf. EXP +1]
[You hunted a Blade Wolf. EXP +1]
Einar, who had finished his eighth battle, exclaimed in wonder. 
“All four types of monsters come out here. I didn’t know there was a place like this in the center of the first floor.”
It’s common knowledge among explorers, but most don’t come here often. 
Would you call it the meeting point of the warm and cold currents?
Where I am now, Blade Wolves from the east, ghouls from the west, dwarves from the south, and goblins from the north all appear. 
However…
“It’s strangely empty.”
This area isn’t popular among explorers.
The reason is simple.
It’s just more difficult to deal with all four types of monsters for those fighting them. 
There aren’t many monsters, either. 
‘Moreover, it has the fatal flaw of wasting torches, making it not cost-effective.’ 
Basically, you’d only come here if you wanted to shorten your travel time. 
However, veterans love places like this. 
They’re suspicious, after all.
It’s the perfect spot to hide something from the developers’ standpoint. 
“But why did we come here?”
“Just wait a bit. It’ll be here soon.”
I wandered around the darkness for an hour, changing directions. 
Finally, I arrived at my desired location.
“Alright, we’re here.”
A cavern with a radius of about 30 meters. 
It’s rare to find an open space like this on the first floor, which is a labyrinth. In the center of this space, a monument stood tall. 
“…What’s that?”
“It’s a memorial. To commemorate the person who first discovered this maze.”
I carefully approached the monument and read the inscription on the bottom. 
[In honor of the last Great Sage Diflun Groundel Gabrilius, his magnificent first step.]
The content of the inscription is the same as in the game. 
That means the ‘hidden piece’ I discovered should also be the same, right? 
“Einar, everything that happens from now on is a secret. Understand?”
“I understand.”
“It’s not just a promise, it’s an oath. If this gets out, we might both be in danger.”
“…I’ll swear on the warrior’s honor.”
“Thank you.”
I slowly untied the bag around my waist.
Goblin, dwarf, ghoul, Blade Wolf.
The gems of the four types of monsters that appear on the first floor and the gem of the eighth-grade monster, Deathwind. 
And the Great Sage memorial in front of me. 
“I’ll start now.”
I’ve prepared everything to forcibly open the Rift.
***
The instances in [Dungeon and Stone].
In other words, the Rifts have a cooldown. 
For example, on the first floor, the ‘Rift’ needed at least three cycles, three months in city time, to open again. 
Of course, it’s rare for it to open immediately after three months pass. Most of the time, it randomly opens between five and six cycles. 
Was it eight cycles at the maximum? I think so.
“……”
As a matter of fact, I figured all of this out myself.
While grinding for the Frost Lord’s Essence, I needed to learn more about the ‘Rift.’
It wasn’t efficient to keep wandering through each floor and waiting for the Rift to open. 
“Is something wrong?”
“No.”
I briefly recalled my memories from the past and placed the Deathwind’s gem I was holding in front of the memorial. 
If the ‘Rift’ was opened most recently within three cycles, in other words, the cooldown was in progress, there wouldn’t be any reaction. 
However…
Drrrdrrrdrrrd!
Soon, the gem I placed began to shine and disappear, and vibrations spread from the center of the memorial.
It really works. 
Whoosh!
The vibrations intensified, and a dark portal opened.
“Go in quickly.”
“Y-yeah, alright!”
I quickly jumped into the portal with Einar. 
It’s because it’s full capacity in ten seconds.
[Your character entered the first floor Rift.]
I ignored Einar, who had fallen on his behind as usual, and checked my surroundings. 
A red sky as if the world was about to end.
A flock of ravens flying above it and a black fortress in the distance.
There’s no need to look further, it’s the ‘Blood Fortress,’ one of the four types of Rifts on the first floor.
It’s obvious because I offered the eighth-grade Deathwind’s gem. 
Whoosh!
After waiting for a while, a crack appeared in the air, and it spat out a person. 
It was the decisive reason why I delayed coming here, despite knowing how to definitely open the ‘Rift’ and even knowing the strategy. 
I’m scarier than monsters to explorers. 
“Haha! I’ve finally succeeded in entering!”
Unless I could make a five-person team that could keep secrets.
If you enter this way, you have to clear the Rift with random explorers who enter first. 
It’s like automatic matching in games.
I nervously checked the first team member. 
“Oh! There are two barbarians. This is great! Nice to meet you! My name is Hikurod Murad! As you can see, I’m a dwarf. Haha!”
A talkative dwarf for the first.
I don’t know about his skill, but that’s not bad. 
I hope the other two are the same…
I chuckled.
It’s probably a pipe dream for someone like me, after all. 
Damn it, come if you want.
I’m not expecting anything anyway.
[A new companion has joined your journey.]
Two more team members were added soon. 