Chapter 31: Bloodstained Citadel (2)
The Corpse Golem's patterns are simple.
It launches corpses as bombs at distant enemies.
And it grabs and devours nearby enemies.
With the hundreds of arms that sprout from its entire body, like tentacles.
“Bjorn!”
Hearing Einar’s worried cry, I kept a safe distance.
If I got closer, I wouldn't be targeted by the corpse bombs… 
But that would make the mage the target.
Kaboom!
I buy time somehow.
At least until the mage regains his senses.
While drawing aggro alone.
Kaboom!
Every time a corpse bomb flies, I roll sideways and gain distance, then crouch behind my shield to protect myself from the acidic fluids.
And when I’ve done this about three times,
“Iherno Haindar.”
A barrage of fire erupted.
The mage seems to have regained consciousness.
I don't bother looking back and focus all my attention on the Corpse Golem.
With a scream that sounds like hundreds of voices, the Corpse Golem’s entire body blazes, its shell peeling off.
The first pattern, which would normally have required a tug-of-war of closing and widening the distance and scorching it with a torch dozens of times, is finished with one magic spell.
“The Corpse Golem’s outer shell has been disabled.”
But did the smell of burning decaying corpses make me nauseous?
“Ugh… U-Ugh, WEEEK!!”
Another vomiting sound comes from behind.
Please, just come to your senses already…
Well, it doesn't matter now. I don't need the mage anymore.
“Einar! It’s done. Come over here!”
I immediately summon Einar.
The Corpse Golem is a level 7 monster, but once its shell is gone, it's not a monster two barbarians can't handle.
“Grrrrrr—!!”
The once gigantic form has shrunk considerably, now only about 3 meters in diameter.
Once all the piles of corpses that were moving separately melted away in the fire, only the remaining iron skeleton creaks and moves.
It’s called the Bone Golem mode.
“Kaaak!”
It’s much more agile because it’s lighter.
Blocking the golem’s swinging arm with my shield, I shout.
“Porter! You help too!”
“I have to protect Raven-nim.”
Damn it.
I knew it.
You’ll pay dearly for this, I’ll make you pay.
Whack!
I jump high and bring my mace down on the creature’s upper body.
I hear a crushing sound, but that's all.
The ribs are so hard that only a few bone fragments flew off.
But I can keep repeating this.
“Einar! Aim for the heart!”
“Yes!”
Einar and I draw aggro from each other, targeting the Corpse Golem’s ribs.
We must have slammed it about forty times.
The ribs, hard as nutshells, cracked, revealing the core inside.
The Magic Core, the common weak point of Golem type monsters.
Crunch!
As soon as the core was crushed with my mace, the Corpse Golem stopped moving and vanished into light.
“You have defeated the Corpse Golem. EXP +3.”
The reward is a fist-sized magic stone, even larger than the reward for a level 7 monster.
“Wow! With this, I can buy so many breads—”
Einar, amazed by the unprecedented size, suddenly stiffened.
Because the reward wasn't just one magic stone.
Whoooosh!
A faint, shimmering, black light in the air.
“Bjorn, could that be it?”
I nod blankly.
The Essence has come out.
***
The rift is a treasure trove.
Elite monsters that don't appear in the general field are like a godsend to explorers who have been blocked from gaining experience, and the spoils dropped by the Guardian go without saying.
Well, the point is that the Essence drop rate increases exponentially.
‘Actually, considering the probability, it’s strange that it only came out now…'
“What are you going to do?”
I take a moment to organize my thoughts in response to Einar’s question.
First, we have ownership.
We almost killed it ourselves, and it was the deal in the first place.
But…
“….”
There were originally two candidates that I was aiming for.
‘Deathspin’, the Essence of Regeneration, and ‘Chimera Wolf’, the Essence of Strength.
Both were Essences of level 8 monsters.
But in the midst of all this, the Essence of a level 7 elite monster, the Corpse Golem that only appears in the ‘Bloodstained Citadel’, came out.
It was a rare Essence, with a difficulty level that was unmatched by any of the other candidates…
But…
I’m not exactly happy about it.
As unique as its abilities are, its penalty is also severe.
[Corpse Golem]
Pain Resistance +70 Bone Strength +55 Poison Resistance +12 Strength +15 Perception -5 Appetite +9 Weight +21
The base stats are suitable for a tank.
The Perception decrease will affect physical sight, judgment speed, and overall physical clumsiness…
But in return, other stat increases are very high.
‘Bone Strength’, which affects defense as much as physical resistance, is +55, and ‘Weight’, which affects knockback and blunt damage in the game, is +21.
‘Pain Resistance’ is also very useful in real life, and regardless of ‘Appetite’, ‘Strength’ and ‘Poison Resistance’ are definitely helpful stats.
But…
Special:
(P) Acidic Fluid — The blood is acidic.
(A) Flesh Explosion — Explodes a part of the body with great force.
This skill is the only flaw.
‘Flesh Explosion’ boasts considerable damage, but it takes the character’s HP as a cost.
You just don't use the active skill, right?
First of all, just sealing one skill is a huge loss…
If I eat this Essence, the durability of my equipment will be drastically reduced every time I get injured.
That’s because blood splatters on equipment.
“Whew… .”
Unreasonable potion expenses and equipment costs.
Usually, it's given to an NPC for use and disposal when it’s obtained.
It was an Essence that was as much of a bane as a blessing.
Too good to throw away, but too bad to give to my main character.
‘Anyway, the Essence you eat early on is eventually discarded, so it wouldn't be bad to take this one now… .'
“Let’s put this on hold for now and heal the dwarf first.”
The Essence stays active for 30 minutes even without an owner, so there’s no need to decide in a hurry.
I might be able to trade it.
Making that decision, I head towards the rear, and witness a scene that’s no less than a mess.
Did the Porter splash potions?
The dwarf was rolling around from the pain of the potion, and for some reason, the mage was half-dead.
“Don't come any closer.”
The name… Tarjin, wasn't it?
This rude escort bastard, who didn’t even do anything, blocked us as soon as he saw us.
What the hell, what did we do?
“Why are you doing this?”
I asked from a distance, and the Porter replied.
“He suffered a backlash from using magic excessively.”
Backlash…
It seems to be referring to ‘Circuit Disconnection’, a status ailment that sometimes occurs when casting fails.
When I looked closer, he wasn’t just throwing up what was inside him, he was literally vomiting blood.
“Wuuuk, Weeek!”
Is this the price for using magic, while my stomach churns because of the smell?
From the perspective of an observer, it’s absurd…
But…
In ‘Dungeon & Stone’, it’s a perfectly plausible scenario.
Unlike other games where cause and effect are clear, in this game, even the smallest ‘cause’ that seems insignificant can sometimes threaten life.
“Are you going to keep doing that? It might be best to move him outside.”
“… I will leave the dwarf to you.”
After escorting Raven and the dwarf to the dungeon, I waited a while for the situation to improve.
The first to come to his senses was the dwarf.
“This is embarrassing… Thank you. If it weren’t for you two, things would have been terrible.”
“I’m glad you know that.”
I don’t bother being humble.
There’s nothing in return anyway.
It’s true that we made a contribution, and I’m going to use this to raise my pay.
It would be better to inflate it than to downplay it.
“If it weren’t for Einar, you’d be dead.”
“I know. I’m so ashamed, but my body froze as soon as I saw him. I thought I’d seen all the horrors, but… .”
I’m reminded that this is real life.
In the game, it would have been enough power, but due to mental factors, they almost died to a middle boss, not even a guardian.
“So why is this lady like this?”
“He suffered a backlash. He’ll recover soon after drinking the potion.”
After taking the potion, the mage, who had been screaming instead of vomiting, finally came to his senses after 10 minutes.
“I’m… sorry.”
He spoke as if he were perfectly fine, but his arrogant demeanor was gone.
His mouth and neck were covered in vomit and blood, and his once beautiful blonde hair was dishevelled and dirty.
The robe that had been gleaming from rolling on the floor was also torn to shreds.
“We dealt with the Corpse Golem.”
“Yes. I know. I’m glad I… overdid the magic.”
Is this really how these explorer bastards act?
They talk about their own contribution before thanking us.
If I stay silent here, my raise is out the window.
I have to get a confirmation somehow.
“We saved you. That’s more than enough for one person, wouldn’t you agree, mage?”
“… I agree.”
Raven nodded, as if she were resentful.
She seems to be pretty humiliated that the barbarians, whom she secretly ignored, did a great job.
Honestly, it’s really satisfying, but it’s better to leave room for negotiation.
Time is limited.
So, next item.
“Oh, and an Essence came out.”
“Essence? You mean the Corpse Golem dropped an Essence?”
“That’s right.”
They seemed to have not expected that the Essence with such a high acquisition difficulty would come out, and the dwarf and Raven’s mouths dropped open.
“That’s incredible. It seems you haven’t acquired an Essence yet. You’re acquiring such things from the start.”
“The Corpse Golem’s Essence has so few samples that even the Explorer Guild doesn’t know its abilities properly, I hear.”
Raven kept raving about how rare the Corpse Golem’s Essence is, even rarer than the Guardian’s Essence.
Her eyes were filled with a thirst for research.
I suppress my inner thoughts as much as possible and make the offer I’ve been waiting for.
“If you want, I’m willing to trade it for the Guardian’s Essence.”
“What? But it’s not even certain if the Guardian will drop an Essence… .”
Raven spoke, her face a mix of surprise and intrigue.
She seems to like the offer of trading the Essence itself.
“I’ll take that risk.”
“If that’s the case, I’m in. I’m not sure about the Explorer’s perspective, but the Corpse Golem is more interesting to me. I didn’t think this would come out, but… .”
The negotiation is complete.
***
“Raven-yang, I heard mages can’t absorb Essences. Are you going to feed the Essence to that porter then?”
“No, the Essence itself has research value, so… .”
Raven pulled out a test tube from the bag that the Porter was carrying.
This is one of the reasons mages are OP characters.
They don’t have to absorb it directly; they can put the Essence in a container and take it out.
It requires one material though.
“Ah! You brought a test tube? I heard it’s incredibly expensive!”
“… I only have one.”
Actually, for Essences below level 6, it’s not even worth the cost of putting them in a test tube.
But Raven seems to value the Corpse Golem’s Essence more than that.
Whoooosh!
Raven chanted a spell and the Essence was sucked into the test tube.
She carefully double-packed it in a box and tucked it away in her backpack.
“Then let’s get out of this horrible place.”
“I’ve been waiting for you to say that!”
We climbed up the slimy ladder and quickly moved through the water pipes.
The only monsters that appeared were Skull Rats and Dead Men.
The place was filled with a sickening smell, but it was nothing compared to where the Corpse Golem was.
After moving for about 30 minutes, we reached our destination.
“I’ll go up first.”
Beyond the rusty iron bars that were ripped apart with one kick was a staircase. I climbed up the stairs and a vast stone chamber appeared.
I take a deep breath of the slightly cleaner air and check my surroundings.
“Those are not gargoyle statues, what is that?”
“The magic doesn’t feel like it’s there, so I think it’s just a sculpture.”
The demonic sculptures were imposingly placed everywhere.
And there were human skulls everywhere on the floor.
“I think this is where the Lord’s castle was. If it hadn’t collapsed, we could have investigated it too… .”
Raven licked her lips, as if she were disappointed that she couldn’t investigate.
“It’s a typical religious facility pattern, as I heard. But hiding it underground means that this faith wasn’t suitable for the social norms of the time. For example, a wicked god.”
“R-Right.”
The dwarf was startled by Raven’s knowledge-filled explanation. I mumbled briefly to warn them before it got any longer.
“Enough of the conversation. How about a little tension?”
It was also a message to myself.
This is because the last chapter of the rift, ‘The Devil Worship Room’, is not to be taken lightly.
“Bjorn, I have a bad feeling about this.”
It’s even more so for an unlucky bastard like me.