Chapter 32, Bloodstained Fortress (3)
Click.
Raven pushed a stone inward on the wall, and the candles in the stone chamber all lit up, illuminating the room.
“Oh, how did you know about this?”
“Books are treasures that pass down knowledge.”
Well, just say you read it in a book.
“Let’s see, ah! Here it is.”
Raven pushed another brick, and a book fell from the ceiling with the sound of machinery.
Necronomicon.
A grimoire containing black magic, it's sold for a pretty high price in shops.
…Damn it.
“Since I found this with my ability, I’ll take it as promised.”
“Right. Anyway, we can’t take it out without distortion magic.”
“Hahaha…."
Raven laughed awkwardly.
Of course, she knows.
She knows the Necronomicon is treated as an item, so you can take it outside even without distortion magic.
“Could you put this in your bag?”
“Yes, Raven-nim.”
My stomach churned, but all I could do was watch the mage swallow the loot.
Ugh, I was going to collect this later…
Why does she know this, but not that it's hidden under the statue?
“Shall we go?”
As we walked down a straight passageway, 10 meters wide, a giant devil statue and a fork in the road soon appeared.
“Raven?”
“It doesn’t matter which way we go. We’re going to kill all the monsters anyway, right?”
We circled the 'M' shaped demon worship room, carefully hunting down the monsters.
The creatures that appeared were gargoyle statues, Deathspinners, chimera wolves, and Bone Knights.
“Not only did we get the Essence of a Corpse Golem, it’s even a Longing type. What luck.”
I keep having unusual luck, uncharacteristic of me.
Hate, Sorrow, Longing.
The Bone Knight, a 7th-rank monster, randomly has one of these three attributes. And we hit the easiest type with the best rewards.
“The Longing type only has the 'Vitality Absorption' ability, which heals them when they're hit. And that can be easily nullified by my ‘Regeneration Block’ magic.”
Raven boasted proudly, but honestly, it’s the easiest type, regardless of whether she’s there or not.
The Sorrow type, which emits a fog that causes mental confusion, was a very annoying ability even in the game.
Well, it wouldn’t be as bad as the Hate type.
The dwarf grumbled.
“That’s good, but I heard that the Hate type is the weakest.”
Bullshit.
The Knight of Hate uses ‘Soul Slash’.
It doesn’t do any damage, but it’s a crazy skill that reduces your level with a ridiculously low probability.
[Ally A has sustained severe soul damage. Their level has decreased.]
Once it goes off, it doesn’t matter if you have HP, defense, or magic resistance. This battle log will appear.
And if that log pops up, it’s better to just start over.
It’s much easier than grinding experience points through portal opening.
“…A decline in soul rank, truly a terrifying creature.”
Raven, speaking for me, explained this to the dwarf, who shuddered and sighed in relief.
However, this mage girl wouldn’t miss an opportunity to show off her knowledge and continued her explanation.
“Oh, if you possess an Essence at the limit your soul allows, one will randomly be lost. This is probably something other explorers don’t know.”
As expected of a mage, the information was correct.
However, as a veteran player, I should add one thing…
‘Soul Slash’ is more likely to trigger the lower your level.
And right now, my level is only 2.
I even have a shitty luck stat, so it’s truly fortunate that I haven’t met the Knight of Hate—
“Essence!”
Damn, is my luck finally turning around?
It came out after only a few kills.
It belonged to the 7th-rank monster, Bone Knight.
What the hell?
First, it drops the Corpse Golem Essence…
Is this what they call ‘good loot’?’
“It’s as if the gods are protecting you. Haha!”
“I agree. Perhaps we’ll even get an Essence from the Guardian.”
They each throw out a word of congratulations, looking at me.
Me and Einar.
It means which one of us will get it.
After some deliberation, I reluctantly gave my answer.
“Einar, you take this.”
“Are you sure?”
It’s not a lie to say that I’m not greedy.
The Guardian is basically the only thing left, and no one can be certain if we’ll get more Essences or not.
But…
“You said you want to get stronger. Take this.”
From a player's perspective, it’s still more reasonable for Einar to take it than me.
‘Vitality Absorption’ suits sword-type weapons better, and I’ll eventually have to abandon weapons.
Most importantly, Einar is trustworthy.
Based on his honest personality, he probably won't leave me and will support me.
So instead of being impatient, it's more efficient to use the stronger Einar to obtain a more suitable Essence for me.
“T, thank you! Bjorn! You really are the best! I'll repay this favor!”
As soon as I gave permission, Einar couldn't hide his excitement and took the Essence.
The change was dramatic and immediate.
“What, what! You guys suddenly got bigger!”
“You’re the one who got smaller, Einar.”
“What, what?! Is that true!”
Einar, who was around 2 meters tall, shrank.
Suddenly, he was about 170 cm.
“It’s the basic effect of the Bone Knight Essence. Your bone density increases dramatically, but your height decreases.”
Raven, who loves to explain, even rattled off the standard information of this world.
It wouldn't be (High), (Medium), (Low), but if you were to express it with precise numbers, it would be something like this.
[Bone Knight]
Cutting Power +12 Bone Density +55 Agility +15 Endurance +15 Flexibility -7 Height -25
(P) Preservative - All wound aggravation effects (poison, bleeding, decay, etc.) are reduced by half.
(A) Vitality Absorption - When striking living things, regeneration increases dramatically for a short time.
“Don’t worry. Just because you’re shorter, it doesn’t mean your strength will decrease—.”
“I’m ruined! With this, no one will see me as a warrior!  They already thought I was a joke because I’m a woman!”
…A joke because she’s a woman?
Is that a complex he has?
“By the way… you’ve become very beautiful.”
Raven, watching Einar's outburst, mumbled with interest.
“Is it because your facial bones are smaller? Maybe we could sell you to the nobles for beauty purposes—.”
“T, that’s because I’m not a warrior anymore!!”
I never expected him to be so distraught, so I quickly tried to salvage the situation.
“No, Einar, everyone knows you’re a great warrior!”
Honestly, except for the tattoo on his upper body, he looks like a tall human woman…
“What’s wrong with being a little shorter!”
“It’s not just a little!”
“…But you’ve become much stronger! Isn’t that enough?”
I had to comfort him.
The others were just sociopaths who cared only about themselves, even in the face of misfortune.
“Haha! Being a dwarf, if I ate this, I’d probably become invisible!”
“Hmm, that’s an interesting idea. I wonder if the height reduction effect is proportional or absolute. We should go back and look for some case studies.”
“I’m ruined!!”
“Haha! You’re a Barbarian, aren’t you? Even if you’re short, you’ve got a loud voice!”
“Einar-san, if it’s alright with you, can I take you back to the city and do a detailed examination?”
“I’m ruined!”
I wish everyone would just shut up.
My ears hurt and my head is starting to ache.
***
“Deathspinner!”
Thanks to the monster that came from afar, the commotion finally died down.
However, they were all curious about Einar’s changes after absorbing the Essence, and everyone took a step back to watch.
“Behella….”
Einar uttered a halfhearted battle cry and swung his greatsword.
And…
Shhh!
I didn't mishear.
This was the first time he’d used that sword and gotten a slicing sound instead of a ‘clang!’
…Is Cutting Power +12 this strong?
“Aim for Einar’s head!”
“O, ok…got it!”
Einar, confused by his own change, jumped high and swung his greatsword straight down.
Then…
Shhh!
The Deathspinner, which took us dozens of swings to kill, died in one strike.
It had sliced through its hard skull and reached its brain.
“See! You’re much stronger now!”
“Then… am I still a warrior…?”
“Of course you are.”
“…?”
“Einar, the second daughter of Frnelyn! You’re not just a warrior! You’re a stronger warrior!”
“Behellaaa!!!”
Thank goodness. He’s getting his spirit back.
His shortened body may still be awkward, but he will become even stronger as he adapts.
“They’re a well-matched pair, aren’t they?”
“I agree.”
Ignoring the conversation between Raven and the dwarf, I moved forward.
It was a painful reminder that the only way to silence these guys was to fight monsters.
“Come on! Bjorn! If you eat this too, you can become a stronger warrior like me!”
Einar, his spirits lifted, was truly dedicated to fighting.
Fwoosh! Thwack! Bang! Shhh!
Sadly, even after we hunted all the monsters in the worship room, no further Essences dropped.
But I didn’t lose hope.
The Guardian of the Rift is still here.
With this much luck, it couldn’t hurt to hope for one more bit of good fortune, right?
As that thought crossed my mind…
“It was fun with you guys, but it’s time for this to end.”
The dwarf utters a line that’s like a flag.
Raven does the same.
“It’s a little sad. This is my first time entering a dungeon, but I understand why veterans become explorers.”
Suddenly, my mind woke up.
Come to think of it, has anything in my life ever gone this smoothly?
Well, I guess not.
It always ends with something blowing up, doesn’t it?
The loose screws in my head tightened instantly, and an inexplicable sense of foreboding washed over me.
“Then let’s go in.”
What’s the problem?
If the worst situation happens right now, what would it be?
Internal conflict?
Nah, I don’t think so.
We already agreed on the loot distribution, and that would only happen after the Guardian is dead.
Creeeeak!
Even as the dwarf opened the door to the stone chamber, I observed my surroundings.
Convinced that something was going to happen.
I scrutinized every detail, even the smallest things I could see.
I also reviewed all the information I know about ‘Bloodstained Fortress’ from the game.
And that’s how I discovered it.
“The door! Close the door!”
“What are you talking about—.”
Damn it, is it too late?
Drrrrrr!
At the same time the door opened.
The ground began to shake violently.
And from the center of the vast stone chamber, something dark slowly rose, shed its robe, and revealed a pale face.
The only one who realized the gravity of the situation was Raven, the mage.
“I, it can’t be…”
The Guardian of the Rift had changed.
It wasn’t ‘Death Knight’ who should have been waiting for us here…
“The master of the Bloodstained Fortress awakens from its deep slumber.”
A ‘boss’ monster that acts alone.
Yet, a monster with a 5th-rank difficulty.
Skilled in both melee combat and black magic, a true hybrid monster.
A monster that you’d only encounter at a 6th level, with a tiny probability.
“Vampire…."
And it’s not just a regular vampire, it’s a superior variant.
To put it simply, it’s a named monster with intelligence, a name, and a history.
I even know its name.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a living creature.”
I opened my mouth, speaking for the frozen crowd.
“Run!”
Damn it, why is this happening to me?
I wanted to meet it so badly in the game, but it never appeared.
“Where are you from?”
The Vampire Duke Cambormier.
“You guys are a sight for sore eyes.” 