Chapter 34: The Warrior (2)
"Bjorn."
The moment Einar called my name, the sun, obscured by red clouds, completely sank below the horizon.  At the same time, a pale-skinned man emerged, bathed in the red moonlight.
"Curious, truly curious..."
He glanced around the ruined city, his gaze settling on us.
"Seeing you makes me boil with killing intent, I can't help it. Do you perhaps know why?"
Why, I wonder…
I don't know, do I?
I don't really want to know either.
I replied with a casual air, "If you give me a moment to think, I might remember."
Buying time, even if it's only for a minute.
However, my response caused his eyes to light up.
"It's too difficult a desire to resist…  Khukhuht."
To be honest, I was a little bewildered.
I never thought a vampire brat would be this predictable.
"Khukhuht, khukhuht!  Khahaha!"
The vampire, who had been grinning like he was possessed, suddenly turned serious…
"Kyaaaak!"
He roared like some alien creature.
Chwang-!
His fingernails, the vampire's primary weapon, were already extended, making a sharp noise.
Madness now filled his eyes, radiating a blood-red glow.
"This is just like the game."
Thinking back, the game was the same.
Even if they had intelligence capable of communication, a proper conversation only consisted of a few lines like an introduction.
"This kind of aura is familiar."
The killing intent emanating from the 5th-tier monster made my flesh tingle, but surprisingly, the dwarf remained unharmed.
"Everyone, stand back!"
I was somewhat impressed.
He had only been showing a pathetic figure against the corpse golem, so is this what it means to be a 3-year veteran explorer?
The instant the vampire's shape vanished, the dwarf stepped forward, raising his buckler.
Kwaka-kwang!
A thunderous roar and dust storm swirling around.
Even from a few steps back, the force was clearly felt…
"Hahaha! As heavy as ever!"
The dwarf didn't budge an inch.
It wasn't like his stats were overwhelming the vampire…
All thanks to the aid of the Essence.
「Hikurod Murad has cast [Balance Scale]」
An ability of the 7th-tier monster 'Iantoro'.
The 'Knockback Immunity' skill ensures that as long as your feet are planted on the ground, you won't be knocked down or pushed back.
It has a bonus option for shock absorption.
"Tarjin, stay back!"
I gave the order as the battle began.
But, there was no reply.
I checked with a side glance and saw the porter already carrying the mage far away.
It was definitely the right thing to do, but why did it feel so infuriating?
I decided to think about this feeling later and shouted, "Einar!"
"I'll take the right side!"
We've fought together so much, even just through eye contact, I knew what he wanted.
I briefly nodded and took the left side of the vampire, charging alongside Einar.
"Kyaak!"
The vampire, sensing our attack, retreated.
At the same time, the dwarf's buckler, which was partially dented, restored itself as if time was reversing.
The buckler wasn't equipped with such a function…
「Hikurod Murad has cast [Emergency Restoration]」
It's an ability of the living armor.
Not only does it save you money on equipment repairs, but the performance significantly increases when you equip magical tools later on, making it a useful skill.
The dwarf, having completed the repair in a flash, shouted, "I'll handle the front, you two help from the sides!"
There was no disagreement.
At least since it's a dwarf, he's managed to hold out for a few seconds. To be blunt, I'm the least helpful here.
Einar probably ate some Essence, but besides the 'Undead Mark' I paid for, I have nothing.
Well, I'm helpful as a meat shield.
"Kyaaaak!"
At that moment, the vampire, who had been watching us from afar, split into hundreds of crows.
The flock of crows flapped their wings and swooped towards us at great speed.
"Stay as far away as possible!"
The crows that swooped down towards us slammed their heads against the ground and exploded.
Kwaka-kwang!  Kwang!  Kwaka-kwang!
The explosive power itself wasn't great.
However, it was too much to dodge the blood splattering in all directions.
'Damn it.'
Of course, it wasn't like the corpse golem where there was acidic fluid mixed in with the blood...
This is more troublesome considering the follow-up attacks.
"B, Bjorn! What is this?!"
Red tattoos appeared on our foreheads, soaked in blood, followed by a bright, scattered light.
「Character has been designated as an offering.」
「Vampire Duke Cambormier's physical abilities temporarily increase in proportion to the number of offerings within a 100-meter radius.」
Ignoring the game log that seemed to pop into my head, I gritted my teeth.
The vampire's form was slowly regenerating amidst the pool of blood from the exploding crows.
He even got a buff, making him even harder to deal with.
'It's been about 3 minutes, right?'
We still have a long way to go before our preparations are complete.
Can we last that long?
I shook my head.
Worrying about whether we can or not is meaningless.
"Behel—raaaaaaaaa!"
We have to endure.
With the tenacity of a stubborn barbarian.
***
Buff skill 'Offering Mark'.
'Eternal One', which greatly increases regeneration ability in proportion to lost health.
'Blood Master', which absorbs a part of the target's ability when directly draining blood.
The vampire's three active skills are each incredibly powerful in close combat.
The problem is, it's not all of it.
This insatiable brat also uses various black magic techniques besides those.
"Bjorn, crows are coming again!"
Transforming into crows and exploding, then turning into smoke to dodge swords, summoning beasts using the scattered blood.
The vampire brat demonstrated the insane specs of high-tier monsters in person.
'This is why everyone quits the game before reaching floor 6.'
I raised my shield, acutely aware of the insane difficulty of [Dungeon & Stone].
My shield was already torn and dented by the claws, it was basically scrap metal…
But it's better than nothing.
Kaga-kak-!
I used the recoil to bounce back, absorbing as much of the impact as possible.
Strength, speed, skills.
Fighting an enemy who overwhelms you in every way naturally leads to acquiring petty tricks.
[Please hold on for 5 more minutes!]
Raven's voice echoed in my mind.
I wonder if we could have shortened that time a bit if we saved the magic for whispering…
But hearing this hopeful message made me feel a little more energized…
"Hikurod has fallen!"
…bullshit.
The dwarf, who had been shadowing the vampire with the experience of a 3-year veteran explorer, collapsed.
Although Einar rushed to help, preventing the vampire from draining blood from the dwarf…
「Hikurod Murad has entered [Battle Incapacitated] state.」
The tide turned instantly.
Einar and I are already battered.
Without the dwarf, who took up 50% of the fighting, it's almost impossible for the two of us to hold out.
'Then, let's…'
I quickly made a decision.
"Einar! Take Murad and fall back!"
"But…"
"I'll hold this guy off!"
"A, alright!"
The moment Einar slung Murad over his shoulder, I dashed forward and swung my mace.
Pwak!
A successful hit after a long time.
"Aak!!"
My brain throbbed from the recoil of the attack.
All thanks to this insane bastard being a superior mutant.
「Vampire Duke Cambormier has cast [Pain Sharing]」
The bastard even completely healed his wounds just by retreating and taking a breather.
Damn it, I'm still feeling pain.
What kind of bastard is this?
"Kyaaaak!"
But I succeeded in attracting the aggro as intended.
As a habit, I double-checked if the item I had hidden in my boot was still there.
The item name is 'Goddess's Tears'.
Simply put, it's a holy artifact.
It's single-use, but it can be used for healing and also as an attack against evil-attribute monsters.
'…Should I use it now?'
Of course, using it itself isn't a waste.
Even though it's an item with an effect that deserves at least a 'Superior Grade' designation, it's a special item that can only be used in 'Blood Citadel' anyway.
Using it on the dwarf would instantly restore his fighting power, and using it on the vampire would inflict significant damage.
But…
'No.'
I ended my pointless pondering.
Why have I been stubbornly defending all this time?
Because a single attack is enough.
No, if we do more, it'll actually hurt us.
There's only one chance.
We need to pour everything we have into that one moment.
That's the only way the five of us can hunt down this 5th-tier monster.
Click.
I pulled out a potion from my waist and opened the lid.
Then, as I saw the vampire charging towards me, I poured the potion into my mouth.
Cheeeeek!
The countless minor injuries accumulated from the battle were healing, the pain like a tidal wave.
My hands went numb, I wanted to collapse right then and there.  Eating a potion while fighting is almost impossible…
'It doesn't matter.'
Because what I'm about to do is not a fight.
Pook!
The vampire's claws plunged into my abdomen.
As if mere plated armor was nothing, it penetrated deeply.
"…"
My nerves, sensing the threat to my life, transmitted pain signals to my brain like crazy.
My mind went blank, like an overload.
'Damn it, I should've just eaten the corpse golem essence then.'
Ignoring my belated regret, I poured another potion into my mouth.
Cheeeeek!
The Undead Mark and potion's healing effects overlapped, rapidly healing the wounds.
"Kyaak—"
Seeing the vampire brat flinch, unable to comprehend the situation, I muttered.
To be honest.
I want to die from the pain…
"Behel—rada, you bastard…"
The pain cannot kill me.
The fact that I'm still alive is proof of that.
***
"What the hell is that man doing…?!"
Raven, hiding behind the ruins far away, watched the situation unfold in astonishment.
She's read about various extraordinary strategies and hunting methods of explorers in books.
But she's never seen anything like this.
He's just going to endure by eating potions?
"Th, there's no way he'll succeed. He, he'll die!"
It makes no sense logically.
She's eaten potions a few times herself, so she knows.
The pain is beyond imagination, and the intensity of pain depends on the severity of the injury.
But what about that barbarian right now?
Cheeeeek!
It's not like bubbles forming and steam coming out, it's actual smoke billowing out of his body.
She's never seen this phenomenon before.
In this state, it wouldn't be surprising at all if he died from shock instead of his injuries.
In fact, cases of dying after taking a potion aren't uncommon, it's pretty common, isn't it?
"Huh?"
Her eyes widened as she watched, dumbfounded.
The pain that barbarian was feeling was beyond her imagination.
But one thing was for sure.
In that state, even moving would be impossible.
But what is this?
Kaga-kak-!
He blocked it.
While lying on the ground.
With a shield that was now a pile of scrap metal.
The barbarian blocked the vampire's claw that pierced down from above.
As if to prove it wasn't just a lucky dodge during a struggle…
Kaga-kak-!
He kept doing it again and again.
It's not like he blocked every attack or anything.  He's still being shredded by the indiscriminate claw attacks.
But…
Kaga-kak!
He magically blocks any attacks targeting vital areas like his head or heart by thrusting his shield forward.
'Is this even possible…?'
Is it incredible focus allowing him to dodge through the pain, or is it just the battle instinct remaining in his body that's making this possible?
She couldn't tell, but an ancient document she read suddenly came to mind.
That the true essence of a barbarian was not their extraordinary physical abilities, but their mental strength?
'I think I understand that now…'
"Lady Raven, you should leave here while you still can."
Tarjin spoke in a heavy voice, witnessing the battle unfolding.
Although he said leave, he really meant to abandon them and escape.
"If things stay like this, I can't guarantee I can protect Lady Raven. This place is too dangerous."
Honestly, she couldn't disagree.
'Who doesn't know that's why I'm here?'
If she could, she would have already done so.
She's known to be kind for a mage, but even so, she's not naive enough to risk her life for unknown explorers.
But…
"Are you crazy? Leave? Where to?"
There's nowhere to escape to.
There's only one way to leave the rift, and that's by defeating the 'Guardian' and using the portal to escape.
'…That's why he's going this far, isn't it?'
She felt a sudden realization.
Even the newly-adulted barbarian was calmly making a judgment and taking the best possible action in this situation…
What am I, a mage, doing right now?
"If Bjorn dies, it's over. We have to save him somehow."
A mage isn't just someone who shoots high-powered spells from the back.
They analyze situations coolly through their knowledge in various fields and show the most efficient path for their team, that's also part of a mage's job.
"…"
Raven reviewed the current situation once again.
The 3-year veteran dwarf warrior is incapacitated.
The barbarian is giving him potions to help him recover.
So far so good…
But…
She, the mage, is waiting in hiding until her mana recovers, and the human swordsman is protecting her.
Looking at it again, this is quite wasteful.
"Tarjin, go to Murad."
"Yes?"
"I'm fine. You go there and at least make sure that barbarian woman can participate in the battle."
“…I understand."
Ignoring his rather irritated voice, Tarjin followed her instructions without a word.
She didn't even look at his back as she immediately reached into her interdimensional backpack.
'Corpse Golem Essence.'
The moment she visualized the image clearly, a test tube appeared in her hand.
'A bit… no, very precious, but it's nothing compared to life.'
Raven slowly built up her mana and activated the spells one by one.
Whoooong!
Accuracy aid.
Projectile range aid.
Trajectory automatic adjustment.
If I add a few more spells here, I won't even need to move my arm…
'I should conserve mana as much as possible.'
Having completed the spell, she threw the test tube in her hand with all her might.
Then…
Clang!
The test tube flew through the air, drawing a smooth curve, shattered upon impact with its target, and emitted a light.
.
.
.
「[Corpse Golem Essence] has seeped into the character's soul.」
「Pain Resistance +70 increased.」
「Strength +15 increased.」
「Bone Density… 」
「… 」
「… 」
.
.
.
「Bjorn Yandel」
Level: 2
Body: 80 (New +34) / Mind: 46 (New +10) / Ability: 30 (New +26)
Item Level: 202
Overall Combat Index: 203.5 (New +70)
Acquired Essence: Corpse Golem - Rank 7 (New)
] 