Chapter 36: Guild (1)
“Hey! Jandel! Snap out of it!”
Raven shook Bjorn’s shoulder. His unconscious comrades were slowly waking up.
“Raven? What happened…?”
“Bjorn! Is Bjorn dead?!”
“Miss! You’re safe…!”
Questions arose from all corners. Raven was the only one who could answer. She hadn’t fainted, after all.
“The vampire is dead. Jandel is alive. Tarjin, I’m fine. Stop shouting, will you?”
“Amazing! You defeated the vampire with one spell!”
As she heard Murad’s exclamation, Raven’s lips curled into a frown.  She felt inexplicably angry. 
The “Black Spot Orb” hadn’t been the one to kill the vampire. While her contribution wasn’t negligible, considering her contribution…
“…It wasn’t me, it was Jandel.”
“What do you mean?”
“It was Jandel who killed the vampire.”
Murad furrowed his brow.
“No way, this guy?”
He had praised Jandel earlier, calling him “special” and a “great warrior,” but he apparently couldn’t believe he had killed a Level 5 monster. Raven could understand his feelings.
‘If I had only heard about it… I probably would have felt the same.’
Maybe it was because of the distance?  She, unaffected by “Pain Sharing,” had witnessed the whole story.
Or rather, she had simply watched.  What could a mage with depleted mana do?
“You should all thank Jandel. If not for him, none of us would have woken up alive.”
“Yeah, but… can you explain what happened in detail?”
Just as she wondered how to explain it, Einar joined the conversation.
“What about Bjorn! Don’t we have to give him a potion?”
In other words, he wanted a potion.
Raven shook her head.
“Potions… won’t work. He seems to be mostly recovered.”
To her guess, this man wouldn’t need potions for a long time. He would recover from most injuries quickly.
“Then why isn’t he awake yet!”
“I don’t know. But…”
“You seem to know something! What is it? Mage! Speak up!”
Raven sighed and replied.
“Maybe… he’s exhausted.”
“…Exhaustion? Didn’t you say his body was fine?”
Einar placed his hand on Raven’s shoulder, his hand dirty with dirt and dried blood. His expression was like the sky had fallen.
“Are you two really lovers?”
“A, a, no! Why are you saying that all of a sudden!”
“Hmph, anyway, I don’t know for sure. I’m not a priest. I’ve just encountered similar cases.”
“Cases? Raven, are these common?”
“They’re not common… but they do happen sometimes. There are instances where a body recovers but the mind doesn’t, so they don’t wake up.”
Warriors who experience extreme stress that leaves a trauma or those who have exhausted themselves in a fight sometimes fall into this state.
As Raven explained, Einar raised his voice.
“I’ve never heard of such a thing! And it doesn’t make sense! Mental exhaustion that prevents waking up? Bjorn isn’t that weak!”
Not weak, huh… Raven wholeheartedly agreed.
A few hours ago, she would have scoffed internally, but not now. She had witnessed him fight the vampire to the very end. 
But… that made her conviction stronger. 
“Honestly, I’m almost certain. The reason Jandel isn’t waking up is due to mental exhaustion.”
Too exhausted to get up? That transcended mental weakness or strength. It was a natural consequence of the fight.
‘If she had seen it firsthand, she wouldn’t have said this to me.’
Maybe today, she had witnessed something truly precious.
“Mage! When will Bjorn wake up!”
“Well, maybe a day, or maybe two.”
“Then he’ll wake up in a few hours! Bjorn is a great warrior!”
‘…Then why did you ask?’
Raven felt annoyed once again, but somehow, she didn’t feel like retorting. 
It was more accurate to say she didn’t have the energy.  It didn’t sound as ridiculous as it used to, either.
“Great warrior… ”
In the annals of history, there were less than ten barbarians officially granted that title by the king.
‘Well, among barbarians these days, it’s used like a compliment.’
Before she continued, she gathered her final thoughts. 
The essence of a golem and the essence of a vampire.  And a barbarian who consumed a guardian’s essence as well.
He had his coming-of-age ceremony last month and this was his second time entering the labyrinth, wasn’t it? 
Gazing at the unconscious barbarian, Raven opened her mouth.
“…Maybe, he might actually become that.”
Of course, to become that, he would have to survive countless trials like today.
***
‘I survived… ’
When I opened my eyes, it was the middle of the night.  For some reason, Einar was using me as a pillow.  As our eyes met, he shouted “Bjorn!!!” and woke me up completely.
“…Where are the others?”
“They all left!  More importantly, Bjorn, are you okay? You’ve been unconscious for three whole days. I was worried sick!”
Three days?  That meant it was the 7th day.
My mind fully awake, I got up. I checked my condition.
No visible injuries.  Besides my hunger, I was generally fine. 
“By the way, Einar, what are these pants I’m wearing?”
It was a softened expression, actually.  A piece of cloth, like what you’d use for a handkerchief, was wrapped around my lower body, covering only the vital areas.  Strictly speaking, it was more of a skirt than pants.  A mini skirt, at that.
“Ah! If you mean that, it’s the mage who gave me some spare cloth.”
“…You… you put it on?”
“Of course!
I felt a sense of shame, but Einar didn’t seem to mind, so it was slightly better.  I mean, it would be a bit funny for warriors to be shy about this.
“Don’t be embarrassed.  Bjorn, you’re a great warrior after all!”
Well, that didn’t mean he could sexually harass me.
“…So what happened after that?”
I changed the topic, trying to forget my shame.  I wanted to know everything that happened after I passed out. Especially regarding the loot.
“Numbered items? Murad took that. And the Crackstone, the mage took it.”
“What?”
It was a series of surprises from the start.
Since I’m alive now, it means I absorbed the essence of the beast…  Which means the vampire dropped all three loot items?
What a crazy drop!
“Ah, right! When we were dividing the Crackstone, we didn’t roll any dice. The mage insisted that she needed to take it to compensate for her losses… ”
Einar explained, almost as if he was making excuses.
“Murad said he didn’t mind, but I refused!  But then the mage said something weird.”
“Weird?”
“She said that you’ve already gotten the biggest reward, so she could take the Crackstone without a problem.”
‘So only that woman knows I ate the vampire’s essence.’
I silently nodded.
I had no regrets about the loot distribution. Whatever the reason, the mage had fed me the golem’s essence.  Adding to that the potion fees she spent on me, she had basically lost a lot.  If she was greedy for the Crackstone on top of that, she was just a thief.
Einar seemed to think differently.
“But, but, I told her to wait until you woke up to decide, but I couldn’t help it! We waited for half a day, but you didn’t wake up, so everyone left through the portal!!”
“You don’t have to blame yourself. It couldn’t be helped.”
To be honest, I could imagine the expressions of those who had been held hostage by Einar’s stubbornness for half a day… 
But it would be better to just praise him here.
“Thank you.  It’s reassuring to have you.”
“…O, of course!  We’re comrades, aren’t we!”
I checked my belongings, presumably gathered by Einar.
A backpack, a mace, a few pieces of scrap metal that were once my shield… 
‘At least it will sell for scrap metal.’
I stuffed everything I could see into my backpack and took out some food and a canteen to fill my empty stomach.
Then I checked the time.
11:20 PM. 
‘Less than an hour until the staircase closes.’
“Bjorn! If you’re done eating, let’s go. We’re running out of time!”
“I can’t.”
I firmly refused.  I desperately wanted to leave this damn place, but… 
After going through all that trouble, I had to take everything I could. 
I wanted to check the boss room.
‘The Necronomicon is with the mage, so there’s only one left.’
I guess I have to hurry.
***
「You have entered the Crystal Cave on the first floor.」
「The labyrinth is closing.」
「Your character is being transferred to Raphdonia.」
***
I breathed out, finally feeling the sun on my skin again.
‘A close call… ’
It was tighter than I expected.
Finding the hidden item in the ceiling of the outer wall tower that required climbing a ladder took less than 10 minutes. 
But going all the way to the boss room was a pain.
‘… It was all for naught, though.’
Did she make me wait half a day so she could investigate herself? 
‘Well, it’s weirder to think she just left without investigating, knowing her personality.’
The walls were broken in various places.  Torn-off frames.  An unfamiliar type of chest left open.
‘There must have been an extra reward.  She swiped it, didn’t she…’
My curiosity as a gamer grew. 
It’s a mutated crack, one that has never been cleared before.
It was a factor that even I, with 9 years of gameplay, didn’t know. 
‘She’s not going to give it to me if I ask… maybe I’ll casually ask her about it later.’
Anyway, I searched the area thoroughly, just in case the mage had missed something, and then time became really tight.  The staircase closed as soon as I got out of the crack.  It was truly a close call. 
I almost ended up trapped in the place after killing the boss monster.
“Serum, the fourth son of Kenic!  You’ve got more scars!  Lucky you!”
“Nothing special!  Karak, the third son of Panoun!”
As I was gathering my thoughts, I heard barbarian voices from all around.  Luckily, they hadn’t spotted me yet.
I bent down to avoid detection and headed to the Level 9 explorer-only exchange office.  I arrived early, thankfully, so the line wasn’t long.  No annoying barbarians either. 
I handed them the magic stones, and the official exchanged them for currency, like last time.
“231,520 stones.”
230,000 stones.  It felt too small for all the trouble I had gone through… 
‘It’s not all though.’
I absorbed two essences during this exploration. 
And after disposing of the physical items, the profit would be several times the stones.
‘Why am I always getting more stones as a bonus instead of a main reward?’
I didn’t know whether to be happy or sad.  I was about to grab the bag, laughing bitterly, when…
“That’s a lot of money for a Level 9 explorer.”
The official took back the bag I had set down and stared at me with a meaningful look.
“What’s in the backpack you’re carrying?”
What’s in it?  I had nothing to hide…
“…Why are you asking?”
My nape felt cold.  I looked around, and I saw guards rushing towards us from afar.  They must have pressed some kind of emergency call button hidden under the bank desk. 
“You’re a Barbarian, aren’t you?”
“Yes.”
I raised my arms, showing my willingness to cooperate with authority, but the guards forcefully bound my arms.
Damn it, I barely survived, and now this?
“Barbarian, come with us. Let’s talk.”
Instinctively, I felt like something was wrong.