Chapter 37: Guild (2)
I’m sitting on a chair. It has unusual restraints on the arms and legs, made of iron, and it’s bolted to the floor. 
‘You’d think they could give me a break, wouldn’t you?’
To clarify, I’m currently in the interrogation room in the Explorer’s Guild’s basement. The investigator sits opposite me. He’s probably in his mid-thirties, and his defining features are severe obesity and an overbearing tone of voice. 
“I’m Coldo Virman, assigned to investigate this case. I’ll be asking you a few questions. It’d be in your best interest to cooperate.”
“Investigate? Shouldn’t you tell me why I’m here first?”
I asked, without cowering.
Even if I can’t expect a presumption of innocence, this is still a basic right for any defendant in this day and age. 
WHAP!
The investigator kicked me in the shin. He looks at me, grinning like nothing happened. 
“Rule number one, you only answer what I ask. Got it?”
“...Yes.”
“Hmph, if you follow the rules, you won’t get hurt, so don’t worry about that.”
Yeah, right.
After all the shit I went through in the Labyrinth, a kick to the shin is practically a tickle. 
This guy clearly has some sort of fantasy about his job.
“Anyway, to answer your question… Bjorn Yandell, you’re here for the crime of looting inside the Labyrinth.”
“...Looting?”
Just as I wondered what kind of crap this was, the investigator picked up my backpack and dumped its contents on the floor. 
“Phew, that’s quite a lot.”
He pulled out items like a torch and sleeping bag, along with the special items I acquired in the Bloodstained Fortress. He placed the equipment amongst the other food and miscellaneous items on the table. 
Most of them belonged to the four-man party that stabbed us in the back in the Land of the Dead. 
“If you didn’t loot, where’d you get this? Barbarians don’t use bows.”
“That… belongs to the guys who tried to kill me first.”
“Evidence?”
Evidence?
There’s no way I have that, but I’m not going to play the submissive role. I asked back.
“So, do you have evidence that I’m lying?”
“Well, that’s what we’re here to investigate.”
“You’re holding me captive and investigating based on just this?”
This was the most confusing part. 
This doesn’t match the usual way the Explorer’s Guild operates. It’s an unwritten rule in this city that the Guild doesn’t ask about what explorers bring out of the Labyrinth without evidence. 
So, they never actively hunt for looters unless there’s a report or testimony. 
However…
“The Guild’s internal regulations changed a few days ago.”
I guess there’s no arguing with that.
This isn’t just some game world, it’s a world where countless people live.
“The official directive is to apply this to 9th-grade explorers first, to suppress looting.”
In other words, they want to run a trial on the easiest targets.
Everywhere you go, the lower your status, the harder you have to work. 
I could guess the criteria for becoming a target. They probably picked me because I collected a lot of stones or had equipment belonging to others in my backpack. That’s what it would be.
So, was I a double strike from the start?
“Now, tell me, where did you get these?”
Whatever the case, the investigator’s initial attitude was just to intimidate me, as he proceeded with the investigation normally. 
So, I cooperated as much as possible and told him what happened. 
Oh, and I left out the part about the psychopath.
If I tell him that, I’d have to talk about the oath, and a barbarian who breaks an oath is seen as weird everywhere.
Being accused of murder is less dangerous than being branded a demon, especially because there’s no room for explanation in the latter.
‘If I mention her, I might end up getting killed by her, without a trace.’
So, I only briefly stated that I met a four-man party of looters, fell into ‘suppression’ mode, and managed to defeat them in the end.
But the investigator was unimpressed.
“What? You were stabbed in the neck and survived? You’re telling a lie that even a child wouldn’t believe.”
“I’m only telling the truth.”
“Then, where’s the scar on your neck? If what you say is true, it should’ve left a mark.”
Unconsciously, I touched my neck. 
It was smooth, with no bumps. 
The reason was clear.
After consuming the vampire essence, my natural regeneration was so high that it healed even the scar.
‘…Why is everything going so wrong?’
Reluctantly, I had to talk about the fissure.
The only problem was that the investigator wasn’t even listening to me.
“Hahaha! Fissure? A vampire? You’re a barbarian, aren’t you? Your logic is nonexistent!”
“I swear, what I said is the truth.”
He had made up his mind, and even the warrior’s oath, my go-to cheat code, was useless this time.
“What kind of honor does a looter have?”
At this point, I was getting angry.
“Then call a magician! Verify it with magic!”
Honestly, there was no need for this long conversation.
A single spell would determine the truth.
But the investigator just smirked as if I was pathetic.
“Only those with a rank of 7th grade or higher can formally request verification from the Guild.”
Damn it, when did this change?
9th-grade explorers aren’t even considered human anymore.
“Even if I pay for it?”
“The money will be recovered by the state after you die. I can’t waste it on something pointless.”
Damn, it’s because he’ll get less money to embezzle.
“Now, admit your crime.”
It seems it’ll take time to prove my innocence.
***
As if marking the end of my 15-day Labyrinth life, the dazzling midday sun envelops my body.
Erwen stood there, basking in its warmth.
Perhaps due to the stark contrast in environments, fragments of past memories flit through her mind.
‘I had no idea the 3rd floor would be that tough…'
The 3rd floor, which she entered with her older sister.
The strength of 7th-grade monsters, which she experienced for the first time.
Although her sister was practically fighting alone, the 6th-grade monster she faced by chance at the end.
Truly, it was a journey where she felt like she had a proper adventure for the first time.
Her first Labyrinth exploration with the old man was fine, but… it was all about survival back then, so it was chaotic.
‘He’ll be so surprised if I tell him.’
She wants to rush back and tell him everything she experienced in the Labyrinth. And she wants to ask him about him.
The thought invigorates her tired body.
‘If I tell him about the new essence, he’ll probably…?’
She’s a bit worried about that…
But for some reason, her steps are lighter than usual.
Erwen heads straight for the money exchange point for 9th-grade explorers.
‘Did they switch things up? The old man isn’t here…'
“That’ll be 184,100 stones.”
“Wow…'
“That’s quite a sum for a 9th-grade explorer, isn’t it?”
“I went with my older sister!”
“Could you tell me her name?”
“Daria Whittember de Tercia.”
“Yes, confirmed. You’re free to go.”
She exchanges her stones, meets her sister outside, checks into the inn, spends three hours showering and changing into new clothes, and immediately heads to Bjorn’s inn.
But what’s this?
“That’s the fairy girl who comes here every day. But what a shame, he hasn’t returned to room 302 yet.”
“Huh, really?”
Bjorn wasn’t at the inn.
What’s going on?
It seems he’s paid for the room beforehand, and he has other belongings in the room…
“Are you going to keep waiting?”
“Yes! He’ll be back soon!”
“Tsk.”
The usually friendly innkeeper seems displeased, clicking his tongue.
How long has it been?
The sun has set. A few hours ago.
“Hey, why are you taking his things out of his room without permission?”
“Oh, stop being a nuisance. Listen, kid, do you have any paperwork?”
“Paper, work?”
“You know, something like a document saying you’re friends with that barbarian, or something about delivering his belongings.”
“I don’t have anything like that… no! But belongings? Why?”
“Well, the Labyrinth is closed, and it’s been this long, so why hasn’t he returned? He’s dead, inside the Labyrinth!”
With that, the innkeeper forcibly kicks her out.
Erwen sits dejectedly in front of the inn.
‘Dead? No way…'
It’s impossible.
Even though it’s common for explorers to die in the Labyrinth, she can’t imagine him dying.
So, she sat in front of the inn and waited.
Morning came, night came, and then morning came again.
“I found her.”
Her sister comes to find her.
She doesn’t scold Erwen for being out for two nights, or ask any other questions.
She simply extends her hand.
“...Let’s go get some food first.”
Erwen takes her sister’s hand and stands up, thinking.
She doesn’t know the exact reason.
But she also knows that this isn’t related to that.
“Sister, I want to be strong.”
She felt that, for some reason.
More intensely than ever.
***
I’m trapped inside thick iron bars.
All my belongings have been confiscated, and I’m wearing only a scrap of cloth wrapped around my waist. 
I’m leaning against the wall, awkwardly.
It’s been two days.
‘Damn it…'
The situation has only gotten worse since the first day.
The investigator, unable to ignore my repeated denials and requests for verification, finally called a magician…
“The character’s mental stat is above 90.”
“Mental resistance due to anti-magic stat.”
The 9th-grade magician working for the Guild’s magic didn’t work on me.
“His mental barrier is too strong. I think we’ll have to call a mage from the Magic Tower.”
The situation has become a headache.
Even from the Guild’s perspective, getting me off their hands requires the help of a high-ranking magician.
“It wouldn’t be worth it to call them for a simple 9th-grade explorer case.”
From that point on, the investigator resorted to every dirty trick in the book to get me to confess.
He decided it was the easiest path.
But there’s no way I’m going to confess to this moron out of fear.
I even tried mentioning Arrua Raven, the 6th-grade magician, or the dwarf’s name, but this clueless investigator ignored it.
The case was dragging on, when…
“Hahaha! Bjorn Yandell, it seems you’ve looted more than once, haven’t you?”
A new accusation, unrelated to previous investigations, was levied against me.
“What do you mean?”
“This was found during the investigation related to you.”
The investigator proudly held up a message stone.
“Every message stone has a unique number, which records the owner. I checked the one in your backpack, and sure enough, it belonged to a dead explorer.”
The owner’s name was Artoia Serdin.
“He was part of a registered clan, so I inquired, and they gave detailed testimonies about your deeds. You injured someone named Harts Young and ran away. On top of that, you killed the ones chasing you.”
Is this guy delusional? He thinks he’s the protagonist of a mystery novel, dragging things out unnecessarily.
“So what happens to me?”
I cut to the chase.
No matter what I say here, this guy wants to get rid of me, so he’s not going to listen.
“With the circumstantial evidence, testimony, and proof, the Guild has decided to deny your request for verification and carry out your sentence.”
‘The Guild’? Bullshit.
It’s just that you’re denying my request.
“...So what’s my sentence?”
“You’re talking nonsense. Lapdonia’s royal law has never shown mercy to looters. Oh, maybe it’s too difficult for a barbarian to understand?”
The investigator smirked, continuing.
“It means death.”
That was what happened last night.
By the way, this morning, the guard came and told me the date of my execution, and asked if I had any food requests.
It hit me then.
“... ”
If I do nothing, I’m going to die.
Which means, I can’t do nothing.
I’ve already passed the point where it can be solved with words.
But if I just break out of my cell, I’ll just be a fugitive.
‘I might be able to escape into the city, but I’ll be branded a fugitive soon enough.’
I considered it for a moment, but ultimately, there was only one way to survive.
I have to prove my innocence somehow.
It won’t be easy. 
As the saying goes, you can tell a tree by its leaves, and if even this investigator doesn’t listen to reason, what chance do I have with anyone else?
‘They’ll see me disappearing as the easiest and quietest solution, whether I’m guilty or not.’
With that assumption in mind, I started planning, and a path began to appear.
First, I have to create a situation where the Explorer’s Guild can’t silence me.
I already have an idea on how to do that.
Of course, it’ll come with a lot of hassle…
CLINK.
I think about the investigator’s face and regain my motivation.
I’ve always been a sassy kid who would return double what I received.
‘No matter how I think about it, it doesn’t feel right to just save my own neck.’
I’ll make sure to get my revenge for this.
“The character has activated [Flesh Explosion].”
And I’ll make it a hefty one.