Part(text=Chapter 371: Black Star (4)

Kang Hyunbyul.

My ex-girlfriend, four years younger than me.

We were both preparing for jobs when she confessed her feelings first. We dated for about three years.

Well, that’s not important right now.

Swoosh.

I look up again to face Hyunbyul.

Her gaze is cold for some reason.

Probably because…

“You’re distracted by that in this situation?”

“Ahem…”

Well, what am I supposed to do when my eyes are drawn to it?

I quickly gather my composure and respond.

“Don’t get me wrong. I was just checking.”

“Checking?”

“The basic attire here is based on how you see yourself.”

“So… you're saying this is how I see myself?”

“That’s right.”

If you want different clothes, you have to buy them with GP. The sweatpants and t-shirt I’m wearing now were acquired that way. 

Anyway, the basic attire is a bit uncomfortable—

“What about you?”

“……?”

“What was your basic outfit?”

“Uh….”

It was a fitted navy suit. 

It was a gift from my ex-girlfriend… her, to celebrate me getting a job. 

However…

“This, what I'm wearing now. This was my basic attire.”

It’s a bit embarrassing to say that.

It would seem like I still had feelings for her if I said I was wearing what she gave me even though we broke up a while ago.

“…Hmm, that sounds like you.”

Fortunately, Hyunbyul readily accepted my answer without much suspicion. 

However, I am a bit curious now.

“Sounds like me? What do you mean?”

“Why are you being so sensitive? I just meant you look comfortable.”

“I-Is that so?”

Ugh, I can’t seem to win in front of her.

Is it because I have so much to be guilty about?

“By the way… don’t you have anything to say to me?”

“…It’s been a while, Hyunbyul!”

“Is that all?”

“Uh…”

What else is there to say?

Ah, I haven’t asked her that yet.

“So how did you end up here?”

At my question, Hyunbyul silently glares at me and then lets out a sigh as if giving up.

“You still haven’t fixed your habit of changing the subject.”

I pretend not to hear her.

“It’s fine. I don’t think it really matters now…”

“Right. What does the past matter? They say that the present is more precious than gold…”

I suddenly feel a chill.

“Why did you stop? Go on.”

“Just… I thought I should apologize first.”

“……..”

“I’m sorry about what happened back then. I mean it.”

As I apologize with all the playfulness gone from my voice, Hyunbyul looks at me with slightly surprised eyes.

“You’ve… changed, Oppa.”

“I guess I had to… So, do you accept my apology?”

“I accept your apology. Like I said before, it doesn’t really matter now, does it? It's not like it's something you should be apologizing for in the first place…”

“That’s… true.”

An awkward silence falls after we exchange a few words.

Well, it makes sense.

It’s like reuniting with your ex whom you broke up with a year ago, in a faraway world.

“Anyway, I was really surprised. I never thought I’d see you here.”

“Really? I always thought we’d meet someday.”

“…Huh?”

“After I opened my eyes here, I kept thinking, Oppa must be somewhere in this world too. I felt a bit relieved, actually.”

“Relieved…?”

“About you going missing. I was shocked when I heard about it. I wondered if I had thoughtlessly hoped for something bad to happen…”

Ah, I guess it could have seemed that way.

I'm grateful that she worried about me even though it’s been over a year since we broke up.

“So… how did you get here?”

This is the third time I’m asking this question because the conversation keeps going off track.

“You seem like the last person to play games…”

This time, thankfully, Hyunbyul answers properly.

“Well… after we broke up, I became a little curious. I wondered how fun it could be for you to be so engrossed in it.”

It’s strangely nostalgic.

When we were dating, she used to complain about me playing games, asking why I even needed three computers running at the same time.

Wait a minute.

“Did you clear the original version?”

“As if I could clear that. I found out there was a cheat version after you went missing, and I played that.”

“Then… what multiplier did you clear it on?”

“30x.”

“30x…?”

30x is considered a high multiplier.

This world is full of people who couldn’t clear it and moved on to higher multipliers.

“You must’ve been pretty invested…”

“No, I cleared it after playing like ten times? I guess it was easy because I had played the original version. And I learned some things from watching you play games before.”

“Ah…”

Come to think of it, when I discovered hidden pieces and such, I would explain and brag about them to Hyunbyul.

She was smart, so she must’ve remembered everything.

“Why the sudden frown?”

“…Can you tell?”

“Of course I can. We spent quite some time together.”

After a moment of contemplation, I decide to be honest.

“It’s nothing. I just realized that you listened patiently to me rant about things you had no interest in…”

I trail off, feeling awkward as I speak.

Hyunbyul’s reply comes after a short pause.

“…You really have changed a lot, Oppa.”

“A lot has happened.”

“That’s… yeah, that’s true…”

Another awkward silence threatens to descend, but it is short-lived.  When I ask if she knows what happened after I went missing, Hyunbyul tells me what she knows.

To summarize, it goes like this.

A month later, the company filed a missing person report, and the police came to see her, and she found out about it. 

And then…

“You met my mother…?”

“Yes, at the police station.”

“What did that woman say…?”

“She didn’t speak to me directly.”

“But something happened.”

“……”

“It’s okay, tell me.”

At my urging, Hyunbyul hesitates for a moment before cautiously opening her mouth.

“She talked about inheritance for a long time… and asked the police if there was any way to declare you legally dead before the missing person period expired.”

“Ha…”

I expected as much, but it still pisses me off.

Thinking about how much money I've saved up. 

I'm a fool for even hoping.

Grit.

I clench my jaw unconsciously, and Hyunbyul speaks in a comforting tone.

“W-Well, there’s still five years. It wasn't an accident, and there's no evidence that you were a victim of a crime, so it wasn't treated as a special missing person case.”

“What’s the difference?”

“In special missing person cases, inheritance is possible after only one year.”

“I see.”

That’s somewhat comforting.

It’s funny when I think about it.

A chuckle escapes me. 

I guess you could call this a very Hyunbyul way of comforting someone.

Come to think of it, she used to comfort me by logically pointing out the positives, rather than offering empty words of empathy. 

She played a big part in shaping my current personality.

“So what happened after that?”

“I don’t know. Three months after you went missing, I was dragged here too.”

“What…?”

I’m genuinely surprised. 

Time may have gotten twisted because of the Shard of Records, but if I simply calculate the time, it’s been three years and nine months since I became Bjorn Yandel.

And since the time ratio is 5:1…

‘It’s been nine months in reality since I went missing.’

In other words, Hyunbyul has survived in this world for over two and a half years. 

Thinking about that, I become curious about one thing.

“Then why did you come to the community just now?”

“I'm not an Explorer. I guess I wasn't noticeable to you guys.”

“You’re not an Explorer…?”

“Yeah. Does it make sense to fight monsters in real life just because I played a game a little? I just got a decent job and made money.”

“Hearing you say that, it makes me wonder if you’re even human.”

“I wonder about you, Oppa.”

I’m speechless at Hyunbyul’s retort.

I’m debating whether it’s okay to share this kind of personal information.

But perhaps she senses my hesitation in that brief silence.

“Right, you don’t want to tell me.”

Hyunbyul’s eyes curve into a knowing smile. 
***
It’s a look I’ve seen a few times while we were dating.

Back then, I would’ve been flustered and tried to appease her in any way I could, but not now. 

To be honest, we’re strangers now. 

Hyunbyul, who's always been rational, must know that too. 

“So, Oppa was the one who drew the line first?” 

“Yes.” 

“… Okay. I won’t ask about that again. Let’s drop it.”

True to her nature, Hyunbyul accepts it coolly. 

However, I wonder if she’s even a little bit hurt. 

“But don’t expect me to listen to your story either. I won't tell you even if I die.” 

Tsk, right, that’s fair. 

I can’t argue with that, so I nod, letting go of my disappointment.

Hyunbyul bites her lip at this.

“You don’t seem curious at all.” 

“If I hear it, I’ll have to tell you mine too.”

Instead of making excuses, I answer honestly. 

She knows exactly when I entered this world. Even if she only told me her race, it would narrow down the possibilities considerably.

“……”

“……”

We continue to look at each other in silence.

“…Let’s sit down for now.”

“…Yeah, that’s a good idea.”

Standing around was getting tiring, so we sit down on the provided sofa.

However, once we’re seated, I realize we have nothing to talk about. 

So I start with something light. 

“This is your first time in the community, right?” 

“Yes.” 

I suddenly wonder how she received an invitation if she had been living a normal life in this world. However, I swallow my curiosity.

“Do you need some GP? You can exchange them for cash at the Exchange.” 

“I’m good. I can earn that much on my own. Besides, if I cash out, the actual goods have to be moved, and wouldn't that expose my identity?” 

“That’s… true.” 

Honestly, I only offered because I wanted to keep the conversation going. If she were to actually cash out GP, I would have stopped her. 

“You became an Explorer, as expected.”

“That’s right.”

We agreed not to say anything that could reveal our identities, but I readily admit it. 

If I refused to engage even in this much conversation, we wouldn’t be able to talk at all.

“Why are you laughing?”

“It’s nothing. It’s just… it’s hard to imagine you fighting monsters and spilling blood.” 

“You get used to it.”

“Must’ve been tough.”

“What about you?”

“It was bearable, I guess. Honestly, working here is more comfortable.”

Well, she's the smartest person I know. 

I’m sure she adapted to this world quickly— 

“Really.  The systems aren’t properly established, so it was easy to make a starting capital.”

Speaking of capital, does she mean she embezzled money? 

“The market itself is so underdeveloped that the rate of return is quite good when you start investing seriously.” 

“……” 

“Oppa.”

“…Yeah?”

“In that sense, why don't we stop beating around the bush and just join forces?”

“Haha, join forces? We already—” 

“No, I’m not saying let’s get back together. I’m talking about joining forces. I’ll support you in every way I can.” 

“The price?” 

“Isn’t it obvious? In return, you’ll take me with you when you go back. You want to go back, right?” 

“Return…” 

As I trail off, Hyunbyul notices something again and her expression changes.

“Oppa… don’t tell me you’re planning on staying here?” 

I find no reason to deny it. 

“Even if I go back after all this trouble, there’s nothing waiting for me.” 

“…What about your mother!” 

“Huh? My mother?”

“If you stay here, the deposit money will all go to her!” 

Ah, that’s what she meant. 

“Oh, now that’s some motivation.”

I chuckle, and Hyunbyul raises her voice.

“Don’t just brush it off! Oppa, are you really going to stay here?” 

“Why are you so worked up? It’s not like I can't survive. Don’t you know? I have more friends here.”

At my attempt to lighten the mood, Hyunbyul’s jaw drops. 

And after a long pause…

“…Friends? You?” 

Hyunbyul exclaims in shock.

“……”

Uh… 

Even I’m a little hurt by that reaction. 
)