Chapter 38: Guild (3)
[Flesh Explosion]
One of the few insane skills that uses the character’s vitality as its cost. 
Since adrenaline hadn’t kicked in yet, pain flared through my pain resistance… 
But the payoff was undeniable. 
Ssss! 
Bars half-melted by the exploding blood. 
I applied force sideways, and the bars easily bent.
“Khhh…” 
Separate from the pain, both my hands healed rapidly. 
It wasn’t just the effect of the Undying Mark, but also thanks to the Vampire Essence I obtained this time.
As soon as I exited the hallway, I saw the guard.
“Wh-what! You!”
It was the guard who had asked me about the special meal earlier. 
He must have heard the explosion and rushed over…
“H-hiik! Es-escapee! Escapee!”
Before he could make more noise, I dashed forward and punched him in the abdomen. 
Pwwack! 
The guard collapsed helplessly.
I quickly searched him and took his keys.  The other prisoners, who had been watching the situation with interest from behind their bars, began to go crazy. 
They had a general idea of what I was about to do.
“Hey! Barbarian! You actually going to do it?!”
“Kihihihi! This guy’s more crazy than I thought!!”
“Me too! Take me with you!”
Given that this was under the Explorers Guild, most of them would likely be plunderers.
But…
‘I don’t have time for this.’
The poor Barbarian, wrongly accused, didn’t care about such things.
‘They’re all going to die soon anyway.’
A good plunderer is a dead plunderer. 
This belief, formed within days of waking up in this world, would likely stay with me for life.
“Hwahahaha! Freedom! Freedom!”
“Let’s go outside!!”
I freed all the prisoners on the same floor.
I couldn’t control them, but it didn’t matter. 
That wasn’t what I was aiming for in the first place.
“Waaaahhhh!!!”
After that, there wasn’t much I needed to do. 
Like a contagious madness, the prisoners united on their own, heading upstairs to subdue the guards, using their acquired keys to free more prisoners.
Of course, there were quite a few who didn’t participate in the escape even after I opened their cells.
Roughly 50% of them.
‘They must still be under investigation, or they’re truly innocent like me.’
As I quickly made my way through the chaos, I saw a group of prisoners gathered at one point. 
The interrogation room I had been in and out of countless times over the past two days. 
The situation was simple.
“Hurry and go, go back to your rooms!! Go, go back now, and everything will be… .” 
The guards were trembling behind the locked door, while the prisoners tried to tear it down.
“To go up, we need those keys the guards have!”
“Tear it down!”
But even if they shook it, I doubted that thick iron door would tear apart.
Ugh, am I going to have to do that again?
I was thinking that when…
“Do you think you’ll get away with this?! It’s the death penalty for all of you! Death penalty!!”
A familiar voice came from behind the door. 
I looked through the small bars and saw the usual investigator kid stuck between two guards. 
I didn’t expect to see him so soon.
“Move aside!”
I happily shoved the prisoners aside and approached. 
Then I unleashed my left arm, which had only recently recovered. 
‘Flesh Explosion, Flesh Explosion, Flesh Explosion…’
After about five repetitions, the handle melted and the lock was disabled. 
A result achieved solely by my flesh, blood, and pain. 
The prisoners cheered wildly.
“Waaaahhhh!!!”
“Barbarian! Barbarian! Barbarian!!!”
“He is the Barbarian of Freedom!!”
The investigator’s eyes widened when I entered the interrogation room.
“You, you! Wh-what… how…!”
He wouldn’t easily understand. 
A 9th-grade Explorer’s abilities are usually pretty pathetic. That’s why they didn’t use any restraints besides the bars. 
He wouldn’t have expected this kind of ability. 
I only have this to say to him.
“Blame your deprived upbringing that prevented you from developing a proper imagination.”
“I, I grew up in a perfectly normal family!!”
“You’re even lying, how awful.”
“Wh-what! Cuhhhh!”
I punched him in the solar plexus, releasing the pent-up anger I had been holding back.  The investigator squirmed on the floor like a bug. 
He was still conscious, probably because his thick layer of fat absorbed the impact. 
“Cr-crazy bastard…!”
This pig who never received proper family education kept spitting insults at me despite struggling to breathe.
“You’re a dead man! You used your ability within the prison, not to mention what you just did! Do you think you can get away with this?!”
Get away with it?
“That’s something you should be thinking about. Because you’re screwed if my plan succeeds.”
“You, you think you can do anything?!”
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Do anything?!”
He even got that question wrong.
“You should be asking what I can’t do.”
I’m the kind of guy who would do anything insane if my life depended on it. 
So, this would be a little unfortunate for this guy with his poor imagination—
“So, just go to sleep for now.”
When you wake up, one of us will be in hell.
Pwwack!
I punched him in the face instead of his fat body, and the investigator passed out, foaming at the mouth. 
That’s when the guard yelled at me.
“The keys.”
“Do, do you even understand what you’ve done?!”
I do.
But what do you want me to do about it?
If I had just stayed there, I’d be dead. 
I just said one thing.
“The keys.”
“It’s not too late to—”
“The keys.”
“He, here they are… .”
I picked up the keys and turned around.  The prisoners parted for me like in a movie.
Thump, thump. 
I walked through them and stood in front of the stairs leading to the ground, taking a deep breath.
Can I really go this far?
That worry suddenly arose…
‘But it was them who didn’t give me a choice.’
I turned the key and shouted.
“Let’s go!!!”
Everything that happens from now on is self-defense. 
More importantly, it’s to protect my precious life.
***
The Explorers Guild’s prison was built deep underground. 
Even the double doors connecting to the surface were incredibly thick, so the people above had no idea of what was happening until things escalated to this point.
‘Lucky for me.’
Clank.
As I opened the door at the top of the long staircase, I was greeted by the sight of a peaceful interior, unlike the underground prison. 
Administrative staff were working, and the Explorers were packed in front of the counter.
“H-hey, how did you get in here?”
One of the staff members asked, seeing me appear inside the building, a place that’s off-limits to regular Explorers.
Of course, an answer wasn’t necessary. 
The staff member saw the open door behind me and instantly understood the situation.
“Es-escapee!!”
As soon as the staff member shouted, everyone’s eyes turned to me.
Silence descended instantly, heavy and suffocating.
But even among the Explorers, who live by their wits, there were some particularly quick thinkers.
“Miss! If you catch him, I’ll treat you to coffee after work!”
A man standing next to the female staff member jumped over the counter and ran towards me.
And then.
“Waaaahhhh!!!”
“The scent of freedom!”
The prisoners began pouring out from downstairs.
“Wh-what, what…?”
“St-stop them!”
“The Guild will compensate for any damage! Explorers, please lend us your strength!”
“Aaaaaaaaagh!!”
The prisoners, undeterred even without weapons, charged in, while the Explorers countered, drawing their weapons.
“Kill them!”
Blood began to spill in the normally peaceful Explorers Guild.
I, the instigator of it all, stepped back from the front lines and quickly headed towards my destination.
‘Time is running out.’
The prisoners could probably buy me no more than five minutes. 
I had no weapons to speak of except for a few batons taken from the guards.
I climbed the stairs to the second floor and checked the window.
‘Getting out is impossible.’
The commotion had already spread outside. Even the Explorers on the street were watching this place with interest. 
If I went out like this, I would be immediately mobbed and taken back down.
The answer is up there.
“You, who are you?!”
I knocked out the staff members I met in the hallway with a double punch and then looked down at the first floor through the railing. 
Dozens were brawling. 
I reached out my hand over their heads.
And…
‘Flesh Explosion.’
As my hand exploded, acidic blood rained down like sprinklers.
“Aaaaaaagh!”
Explorers, prisoners, whatever, dozens of people who came into contact with my blood screamed in unison.
A sense of guilt washed over me…
But there’s no other way.
To increase the success rate of my next plan.
[Character has cast [Offering Mark]]
As the linked skill activated, a tattoo was etched onto the foreheads of those who were touched by my blood, scattering red light.
[Character’s physical abilities will temporarily increase by the number of Offerings within a 100-meter radius.]
The number of Offerings was easily in the dozens.
‘This is why professionals take so many drugs.’
My whole body throbbed with power. 
The railing I unconsciously grabbed cracked and chipped. 
Even the inner anxiety I had been harboring vanished.
With this, I can do it.
“Uwaaagh!!!”
Leaving the commotion on the first floor behind, I climbed the stairs to the third floor.
‘Thankfully, they didn’t evacuate.’
I cautiously opened the door just enough to see the third floor. It was completely different from the floors below. 
The entire floor was a workspace. 
The polished wooden furniture and the trophies and plaques on the wall created a rather dignified atmosphere.
“What in the world is this commotion! Go check it out quickly!”
“Yes! Branch Chief!”
‘That must be the Branch Chief.’
I hid behind the door. 
Then, the moment the man who was instructed by the Branch Chief opened the door and stepped out, I hit him in the jaw with all my might.
Kwack.
I didn’t intend to break his bones…
Thud. 
He fell to the floor helplessly, despite being the Branch Chief’s assistant, who I assumed would be pretty capable. 
At the same time, the Branch Chief sprang to his feet.
“You, you… who are you?!”
Me?
“A wronged Barbarian.”
To add a bit, I came to prove my innocence.
In a Barbarian way, using physical methods.
“The commotion downstairs… it was you who started it!”
The Branch Chief, as expected, quickly assessed the situation and immediately drew a sword from the wall.
He must have been an Explorer himself, his posture was anything but ordinary.
The staff members downstairs were just pencil pushers.
Well, considering I prepped with doping for this situation, it doesn’t matter.
“Miss, get behind me.”
“Ye, yes!”
The woman who had been sitting across from the Branch Chief quickly hid behind him, signaling that both sides were ready to fight.
‘In terms of a game, this would be a boss fight.’
I took one last deep breath. 
My plan hinges on defeating this guy. 
Before the commotion downstairs ends, hopefully.
“Behel-laaaaah!!!”
Is it because of the [Offering Mark] cast on dozens of people?
The moment I pushed off the floor, I bounced back with explosive acceleration.
Honestly, I was having trouble adjusting to the speed myself…
But the Branch Chief wasn’t to be underestimated.
“Foolishness!”
He accurately read my movements and thrust his sword, following a precise trajectory, striking my wrist.
However, it wasn’t enough to instantly sever my bones, even in my super-Barbarian mode.
Cack!
A dull thud, like something got stuck. 
The blood that spurted from the cut wound splashed onto the Branch Chief’s shoulder.
Sss!
“Ugh! Aaaah!”
The Branch Chief couldn’t handle the unexpected pain.
After that, it was ridiculously simple.
I took advantage of that opening and punched him in the throat, and that was that.
“Cuh, c-cuh!”
The Branch Chief gagged and fell to his knees. 
It was a boss battle that ended too quickly, despite how tense things were…
Well, he couldn’t have known that something like this would come out of my blood. 
It seems like Explorers Guild members have a tradition of lacking imagination.
But I don’t.
“Yo-you…”
I always think of the worst-case scenario. 
I don’t know what kind of Essence this former Explorer has, so I kicked him in the back of the head, knocking him unconscious.
Alright, the first prerequisite is in place. 
“Pl-please save me!”
But what about this girl?
She seems to have quite a bit of status, judging by how the Branch Chief was groveling.
“Sh-she’s the daughter of the District Chief! If you touch her, you’ll never get away with it… .”
What is this guy, how did he wake up already?
Pwwack!
I knocked out the Branch Chief, putting more force into the blow this time. 
Then I calmly continued my thoughts.
‘District Chief’s daughter…’
This might make things easier. 
Or it could make them completely unmanageable.
***
“Branch Chief! Are you alright?!”
One of the staff members came up to check on the situation, as the commotion on the first floor had been resolved.
Of course, there was no problem.
The Branch Chief had already completed his transformation into my pet parrot.
“Tell him I’m fine.”
“…I’m fine. By the way, what happened downstairs?”
“It’s all under control! Some escapees have slipped into the city, but we’ll catch them soon.”
“That’s… fortunate.”
“Oh! Where’s Robert, the assistant? I thought he would be with you… .”
Assistant?
He’s resting inside the wardrobe with a broken jaw. 
Of course, the Branch Chief wouldn’t tell him the truth.
“He’s out on an errand. I have a few urgent matters to take care of, so make sure no one comes up here before I call for them.”
“Yes!”
The staff member left, and I immediately came out from under the desk. 
The District Chief’s daughter was huddled in my arms.
The Branch Chief was glaring at me with trembling mustaches.
“I’m genuinely advising you, it’s in your best interest to quit now.”
“That’s right.”
I half-heartedly listened to the Branch Chief’s advice. 
Quitting for my own good?
That’s just a euphemism for dying.
“Think it over, I don’t know what your goal is, but there are ways I can—”
“That’s right.”
I poked my ear with my pinky finger. The Branch Chief couldn’t hold back and yelled.
“You crazy bastard! Do you even know what you’re doing?!”
I know.
Actually, to be honest, I’ve been hearing it so many times since I got here, I’m getting tired of it.
So what do you want me to do about it?
I was faced with a choice: do crazy things or just die.
“That’s right.”
I nodded casually again, and the Branch Chief was about to scream again…
“That’s right, what’s righ—”
“Shut up or I’ll kill this woman.”
I tightened my grip on the District Chief’s daughter’s neck, pretending to apply pressure.  The Branch Chief immediately shut his mouth, as if he had never said anything. 
I took a closer look and saw that his face was pale. 
It’s understandable. 
An escape incident happened in his own branch, and he even lost the District Chief’s daughter as a hostage…
He must be freaking out.
No matter how this ends, this guy won’t be unscathed.
‘It’s karma, but… .’
While I was thinking that, the hostage, the girl, suddenly spoke.
“My name is Julian Urbans. Not her.”
A calm voice, different from the terrified one she had earlier.
I checked her pulse and found that it was quite stable.
“Tell me what you want. Someone like you doesn’t do something this crazy without a reason.”
“Someone like me?”
When did I ever see this girl? 
I tilted my head in confusion, and she continued.
“You’re not scared at all. You don’t even look nervous. Your breathing is steady, and your eyes aren’t trembling.”
“Get to the point.”
“You planned all this, right? And you planned it a long time ago.”
Planned? I did, actually.
About 30 minutes ago.
‘I tried to do something, but it was a waste of time.’
“Maybe you even knew I’d be here today—”
“Be quiet.”
“Ugh, uuuh!”
I covered her mouth with my hand, silencing her before asking the Branch Chief for the supplies I need.
“The investigator who was assigned to me, the guy named Harts Young from the ‘Crystal Alliance’ clan that operates on the first floor, a magician from the Magic Tower, and a regular priest from the Temple. Bring them all here.”
The stage is set.
Now it’s time to turn everything upside down. 