Chapter 39 Guild (4)
“Master, what are you talking about? Why would you suddenly tell me to go to the guild?”
“Didn't I tell you someone's looking for you?”
“That's true, but….”
Aruua Raven, a 6th-rank mage affiliated with the Magic Tower, muttered with a sullen expression.
It was true she had business with the guild, but….
She planned to rest comfortably for a while and then study the "thing" she had obtained at least roughly before going.
“The branch manager formally requested assistance. I hear they're having a big event over there. It should be enough for some extra pocket money, right?”
“….Alright, I'll go.”
Raven reluctantly agreed to take on this task.
The guild was a place she would have to visit eventually anyway.
Considering she would receive a small financial reward for going now, it would be difficult to justify putting it off.
‘I spent a lot of money in the labyrinth this time….’
Besides, it wouldn't be bad to meet that barbarian sooner rather than later.
An unprecedented mutated rift.
Wasn't he the one who ate the essence of the guardian that came out of it?
He was a specimen just as interesting as that "thing."
“Then I'll be off.”
“Oh, take Tarzin with you.”
“No need. He's not that useful anyway.”
Raven used the warp gate on the first floor of the Magic Tower to travel to the closest location to the relevant branch.
It was about a 10-minute walk to her destination.
As she emerged onto the main street, she frowned.
“Why are there so many people?”
There were several times more people than usual.
And the closer she got to her destination, the denser the crowd became, making it almost impossible to take a step.
As if a major incident had occurred here.
‘Now that I think about it, the branch manager said he requested formal assistance.’
Raven sighed deeply.
She was planning to make some extra money, but it seemed she might end up working hard instead.
“Excuse me, I have a question. What's going on here?”
Raven grabbed a passerby who seemed the most approachable and asked.
She heard something that made her question her own ears.
“The raiders who were imprisoned in the branch have escaped in a large-scale breakout.”
It was an unprecedented event.
Not only was there a prison breakout, but several of them managed to escape into the city.
And apparently, one of the supposed ringleaders had taken the daughter of the regional director, who happened to visit the branch, as a hostage.
“This guy must be an idiot. The guild wouldn't negotiate even if he wanted them to.”
Negotiation? The guild had no authority to begin with.
The Lapdonia royal family delegated a significant portion of their authority to the guild regarding the labyrinth, but they strictly adhered to the principle of executing raiders.
If he had escaped with the other prisoners, he might have had a small chance of survival.
“But it turned out to be kind of interesting.”
“What do you mean?”
“The guy staging the hostage situation is claiming he was framed.”
“Framed?”
“That's what they say. He says he only wants to gather everyone involved in the incident and use magic to reveal the truth in front of everyone.”
He wasn't asking for a pardon or anything like that.
The hostage taker was simply demanding "truth-finding."
Because of this, the onlookers were beginning to suspect that his words might be true.
‘What kind of crazy bastard is this?’
Of course, if his story was true, the initial cause would be the investigator who mishandled the situation.
But even if that were the case, staging a massive prison breakout and taking the regional director's daughter hostage in the process?
It was definitely something he couldn't possibly do in his right mind.
“Anyway, that's why everyone's waiting. The branch manager requested assistance from the Magic Tower, but it’s a shame, I wonder when they'll arrive.”
Seeing the onlooker click his tongue, Raven awkwardly smiled.
Now she could tell for sure.
That the mage was her.
Raven sighed deeply and chanted a spell.
“Vatuna Kor Bier.”
A blue light bloomed from beneath her feet, and her body began to rise into the air.
“Ah, miss! Are you a mage?”
Raven flew over the crowd and landed on the third-floor terrace of the Explorer's Guild branch.
She spotted a man and froze.
“Bjorn… Yandell?”
Why was this guy here?
***
Was it because the regional director's daughter was being held hostage?
Everything was handled quickly.
“I am Cordo Birman, the one you asked for. I found him unconscious as you said.”
“Thank you. You can go.”
The first to arrive was the investigator kid.
He was still unconscious, by the way.
For aesthetic reasons, he was stuffed into the closet.
After waiting a while, the second delivery arrived.
“Wait a minute! No matter how much of a guild it is, is it alright to be this forceful?”
The name of this 20-year-old male explorer, walking awkwardly, was "Hearts Young."
The idiot who tried to do something to Erwen and lost his manhood.
“Thank you for taking care of it without asking. You can go down now.”
“Yes.”
“Y, you're the branch manager? I, I, why am I…”
Just as the sound of the staff member going down the stairs could be heard.
I jumped out from behind the door and punched the guy square in the face.
Wham!
One punch wasn't enough to relieve my anger.
The investigator was the number one culprit for this mess, but this guy was number two.
If he hadn't lied in his testimony, the investigator wouldn't have had any grounds to sentence me to death.
“Ouch! W, what are you doing! Who are you—!”
“Shut up, and take a beating.”
One, two, three punches….
I repeatedly punched him in the face, and soon Hearts Young collapsed with foam at his mouth.
Again, for aesthetic reasons, I shoved him in the closet.
It was a little cramped with the scaffold-like investigator, but it wasn't a big problem.
They looked like a good match.
While I was admiring them, the branch manager cautiously spoke to me.
“…What exactly are you trying to do?”
Ah, I hadn't told him that yet.
But there was no need to say it twice.
He would naturally know once the next preparations arrived.
With that in mind, I kept my mouth shut.
However….
“Branch manager! I'm afraid getting a priest might be difficult.”
The priest, a key card in this whole thing, was missing.
The reason was that the official priest connected to this branch was currently absent.
There was no way to call for another priest.
Even though it was the Explorer's Guild, you couldn't call a priest who served God like you would a friend.
‘Even if it’s the branch manager's request, it’ll take at least a day.’
In this world, priests are nobles.
Not in status, but in their actions.
I suddenly felt bitter.
‘Nothing is going according to plan.’
I wanted to handle this quietly.
If the branch manager had heard, he would have yelled, "What kind of bullshit is this?" after causing this mess.
However….
The prison break could be brushed off as an "accident."
But what about the guild sentencing an innocent 9th-rank explorer to death?
If this gets out, the Explorer's Guild's reputation will be completely trashed.
‘They’re supposed to be an organization that protects explorers, at least in name.’
That's why I demanded a priest.
If I could prove my innocence before a priest, I could handle this relatively quietly.
At the same time, the Explorer's Guild couldn't possibly cover this up.
However, my plan went awry from the start.
“Thank you for the information. You can go down.”
“Yes! Good work, branch manager!”
As I listened to the staff member's retreating footsteps, I finished my brief contemplation.
‘If it's impossible to get the priest to certify it….’
I have no choice but to escalate the situation.
Only then will the Explorer's Guild be unable to silence me by killing me.
Of the many ideas that came to mind, I chose the most radical and effective one.
“Aaahhh!”
“W, what are you doing!”
I stepped out onto the terrace with my sword pointed at the regional director's daughter's neck, and saw a crowd gathered on the main street.
They must have been the onlookers from the prison break earlier.
“Above! There's a thug up there!!”
One of them spotted me and shouted.
Everyone’s attention was drawn in an instant.
“Ahem.”
After clearing my throat, I used my natural barbarian voice to shout.
“My name is Bjorn Yandell! I'm a 9th-rank explorer who was framed by the guild and they tried to kill me! I swear to God, I'm innocent!”
The reaction was immediate.
“What the hell is this guy?”
“Is he an escaped prisoner?”
It didn't matter whether they believed me or not.
I've thrown out the bait, so people will come out of curiosity, even if they don't.
No matter how much of a guild it is, the Explorer's Guild wouldn't be able to simply bury an incident that everyone is watching live.
Now all I had to do was hold out until the mage arrived.
Instead of the shield that turned into scrap metal….
“Ugh, ugh!”
I would make good use of the regional director's daughter's shield.
***
How long had it been since the prison break?
“What's going on? Why is Yandell here?”
“I can't believe the mage sent from the Magic Tower is him.”
Cordo Birman opened his eyes, listening to the conversation between two strangers.
It was dark around him, and his body wouldn't move.
‘What's going on? Am I locked up? Why?’
He ignored the growing headache and retraced his memories. Several scenes immediately came to mind.
The prisoners escaping from their cells and running riot.
The interrogation room where he locked the door to escape them.
And that barbarian who smashed the door open and punched him in the face!
‘But, what happened after that?’
He had no idea.
He couldn't grasp it at all.
So he focused on his hearing.
“It seems they’re fast with the news since they heard about the situation outside.”
“Fast with the news? What kind of news? Do you know how many lives Yandell has? You think he has multiple lives?”
“If he had multiple lives, he wouldn’t be doing this.”
Yandell?
What? Was that barbarian outside?
“Alright, use magic quickly.”
“I’ll do it if you promise me one favor later.”
“Whatever it is, as long as it’s within my capacity.”
“Deal. You promised. Dertei Narvas! Uh, uh…? Why won’t this work? Yandell, do you have a mind shield magic item or something?”
“You can tell by looking at me that I don’t have any. Ugh, I’m going to have to wake these guys up after all. Do you know ‘image recall’ magic?”
The more I listened to the conversation, the more confused I became.
Then.
“Ah! Aaaah!”
Suddenly, the space expanded and my center of gravity shifted downwards. I fell with a thud and hastily raised my head.
The branch manager’s office on the third floor, where I had only been a few times.
“What? You’re already awake.”
Four people were looking at me.
The barbarian, the branch manager, a woman assumed to be a mage, and a woman who seemed to be of a very noble lineage.
I didn’t know what was going on, but I shouted anyway.
“B, branch manager! It’s him! He’s the one who instigated the prison break!”
“We already know that.”
“Yes, yes….?”
My head felt momentarily numb.
I didn’t understand at all.
If they knew this guy committed a blatant crime, why were they just watching?
“I heard you were in charge of this guy’s investigation. Is that correct?”
“Y, yes, but….?”
It was then that I felt the heavy atmosphere that enveloped the room.
I only had street smarts from my job as an investigator, so I could tell.
That the atmosphere in this room was not at all friendly towards me.
“This barbarian… no, Yandell here is claiming you convicted him of being a raider based on unreliable information. What do you think about that?”
“It’s ridiculous!”
“That statement… has to be true. It won’t end with just you getting stripped of your clothes.”
“W, what are you talking about? He’s just a 9th-rank explorer!”
“Watch your tongue! No matter what rank they are, a guild employee shouldn’t talk like that!”
“Yes, yes?”
The booming reprimand stunned Birman completely.
The guy who was the best at looking down on low-ranking explorers, suddenly changed his tune.
As if he was conscious of the outside world’s view.
‘Oh, right, they mentioned ‘image recall’ magic!’
It seemed the mage was recording their conversation in the crystal she was holding.
“Ahem! As we are judging right and wrong, the guild’s proceedings must be meticulous and perfect. Tell me the basis for your judgment.”
My mind snapped awake. I recited the investigation results as the branch manager instructed.
Because I felt that was the only way to survive.
“F, first of all, there was the magic stone. At the checkpoint, he presented a magic stone that far exceeded the average income of a 9th-rank explorer. I considered it suspicious and checked his backpack. There were tools that seemed to have been stolen.”
“So?”
“The investigation revealed that the truth of this matter could not be verified. Because magic wouldn’t work on him.”
“But on what grounds did you conclude that Yandell was a raider?”
“Because of a separate incident. A message stone was found among his belongings. Based on that, we tracked the owner’s whereabouts, and obtained testimony from a fellow clan member that Bjorn Yandell had murdered an innocent person and stolen their belongings.”
As I recited the investigation results, my voice grew increasingly confident.
I didn’t know why the branch manager was reprimanding me, but there was clearly some misunderstanding.
“Branch manager, there’s nothing wrong with my judgment. If you doubt that I’m telling the truth, we can use magic to verify it.”
“Don’t stare at me like that. Everything you’ve said so far is true.”
The mage nodded.
But then the barbarian chimed in without knowing his place.
“Even so, it was just the testimony of a fellow clan member. It wasn’t verified by magic, so it has no effect.”
“Is what Yandell said true?”
“T, that’s true, but….”
“Why didn’t you verify that part?”
The branch manager’s voice suddenly turned cold again.
I wasn’t entirely speechless.
“First of all, this barbarian’s constitution is the problem! He knows magic won’t work on him, so he’s uncooperative and just makes false statements!”
“False statements? What do you mean?”
Birman replied confidently.
“Once, he said his neck was cut but he survived. But there was no trace, so I questioned him, and do you know what he said? It’s unbelievable! He said he ate a vampire’s essence from the rift, so his scars disappeared!”
“He ate vampire essence?”
“Yes! Branch manager! Is this even a believable story? A vampire coming out of the first-floor rift?”
This barbarian rambled on from beginning to end.
“He lies to cover up his lies. It’s the most common pattern of criminal statements. But how can you believe him and waste the time of precious mages?”
Of course, I had doubts because of his repeated claims of innocence.
But it didn’t matter that much.
What’s the big deal if a naive, newly-adult barbarian is innocently killed?
‘…Besides, if I call a mage, I’ll get less money.’
It was a blessing in disguise.
A vampire in the first floor?
Once his nonsensical statement was confirmed, I would be able to convince everyone of my judgment.
‘If you’re going to lie, you should have come up with something better!’
I looked at the barbarian with a confident expression.
But that feeling quickly dissipated.
“That’s true, though.”
The mage’s casual remark brought my mind to a halt.
“…What?”
“Ah, I was there, so… what do I do? I can’t use magic on him.”
What was this mage talking about?
]]] 