Chapter 42: The Magician and the Barbarian (2)
Click—
After the communication was cut off, silence descended upon her laboratory.
Well, it’s not like she could have predicted this at all. 
At first, she had only intended to extort a little money, but how could she have known that she would suddenly be forced to pay a 5 million Stone compensation? 
‘These people just lack imagination.’
Actually, she wasn’t without ways to win the argument. If she had approached any random 9th-grade explorer struggling to make ends meet with the same question, the response would have been one of gratefulness. 
There would never have been such a blatant refutation of her logic.
But the person she had contacted was obviously a skilled explorer. 
‘If she refers to a master, it’s not like someone who is personally acquainted with such a person would be an ordinary explorer.’ 
This proved to be her fatal flaw.
So, now it was time to reap the rewards—
“Heeheehee! A Barbarian who can outsmart a magician with words, a truly fascinating friend you are, huh?”
The one who strode into the room with a wide open door without even knocking was an old man with wrinkled skin and white hair.
However, his back wasn’t bent, and he appeared remarkably healthy for his age.
While I was momentarily taken aback by his sudden appearance, I quickly deduced his identity.
“Ah, I haven’t introduced myself yet. Old man here, I happen to be the mentor of the lady you just upset.”
“Ah, I didn’t upset her!”
Raven’s mentor.
In other words, the Master of the Artemision, a massive faction that occupies five floors independently in the Mage Tower.
In a way, he is a figure as influential as the district head I met earlier, or even more so in some respects.
“Anyway, I heard your conversation.”
“What? Heard? I’m sure the soundproofing magic is functioning—”
“Ah, it seems that needs a little more work. The way you cast that spell is full of holes, tsk.”
His tone of voice was like that of a local old man, but due to his position, I couldn’t help but feel intimidated.
Especially considering what I did to his precious apprentice.
“Sigh, you completely demolished my magical array. It would have been difficult even for you, Master, to destroy it without me noticing... What was the reason you went through all this effort to eavesdrop?”
The old man chuckled.
“My youngest apprentice brought home a man for the first time. And it’s a Barbarian, alive no less! How could I not be curious?”
But something about that felt off.
“Alive?”
I muttered unconsciously, and the old man laughed heartily again.
“Heehee! Most of them come in dead! Or just with their hearts delivered!”
“…?”
“Don’t make that face. Just a joke, a joke!”
Ah, I get it.
It’s a magician’s kind of joke, is it?
I, too, am a Barbarian who can read the atmosphere, so instead of turning serious, I responded with a hearty laugh.
“Hahaha! I feel like smashing your head in!”
A Barbarian-style joke.
“…What, what?”
Why isn’t he laughing?
Ah, I didn’t actually do it.
“Hahaha! Just kidding!”
You can just say it’s a joke after whatever nonsense you spout, right?
“So, lighten up and laugh, old man!”
“Old… old man…?”
“Ah, that was also a joke! Hahaha!”
“….”
The Master of the Artemision faction, or the old man for short, frowned as if he were annoyed by my joke.
When I looked beside him, Raven was speechless, her mouth agape as if she couldn’t believe what was happening.
“…Jandel, are you insane?”
Is that a polite expression, or is that just a plain insult?
I’m confused because he used honorifics…
‘I messed up just now.’
Looking at him like this, I think I went a little overboard just now.
It’s only natural, isn’t it?
A pathetic Barbarian spewing this kind of insane joke in front of the head of a Mage Tower faction.
“Sigh… I should have realized when I saw you doing that at the Guild…”
Still, I feel a bit wronged.
It might sound like an excuse, but to be telling jokes about dead Barbarians in front of a Barbarian who just came back from the brink of death this morning? 
“I think I was just being defensive because I was on edge. If I offended you, I apologize.”
It’s a long explanation, something I haven’t done in a while, but Raven yelled as if she couldn’t be bothered.
“What kind of defensive stance is that?!”
“The best defense is offense.”
It’s my life-long philosophy, something I’ve held onto since I was a child.
‘How do I clean up this mess?’
When I glanced over, the old man was still standing there in a daze, staring blankly.
As the silence stretched, I started to genuinely worry about my safety.
“Kehehehe! This, this is an interesting fellow! A real find!”
The old man suddenly burst into laughter.
I don’t know why, but the atmosphere suggested I should laugh along.
“Hahaha!”
“Kehehehe! You’re a funny fellow! Really!”
It’s obvious that the old man is forcing himself to laugh in a way that tries to appear courageous, but…
If I play my cards right, I might be able to get away with it.
“Don’t mind him! Unlike those other petty magicians, I don’t get sensitive over every word.”
Even so, he still seemed indignant, his mouth twitching slightly…
But there’s no need to mention that.
‘I have a rough idea of his character now.’
I also have a feeling for how to handle him.
“Haha! What are you, the descendant of some Barbarian king?  I’m retracting the old man comment! You take jokes so readily, you’re the most jovial magician I’ve ever seen!”
To be honest, I’ve only seen a handful of magicians.
Who cares?
“Heehee, that’s not entirely untrue about old man here. I somehow feel a connection with you.”
“I agree!”
The tense atmosphere momentarily dissipated.
Seeing us start to laugh, Raven made a face that seemed to express utter bewilderment.
“Sigh… what is going on here?”
Honestly, I don’t know either.
And I’m sure the old man has no clue what he’s doing either.
“I am Bjorn Jandel! A great magician! I would like to know your name!”
“Bjorn Jandel! It’s refreshing to meet someone like you after hanging out with those petty magicians all the time! It’s a pleasure to meet you. Old man here is called Deyan Tvehirion!”
For some reason, the old man also introduced himself in a booming voice.
It’s just that the veins on his neck were bulging so prominently that it was enough to make a viewer worry about his health…
But I’ll pretend not to see it.
“Impressive! Your voice has a manly aura!”
I, Jandel Bjorn.
I am a Barbarian who can handle at least that much social interaction.
***
“So, what did I say to those petty magicians then—”
“Amazing!”
“Huh? I haven’t said anything yet—”
“It will be amazing!”
After a few minutes of this kind of hospitality-style conversation.
Perhaps he came back to his senses after boasting about himself, the old man smoothly brought the conversation back to the main topic like a sly fox.
“So, what do you intend to do about Aru?”
“Aru?”
“Ah, that’s a kind of nickname for our youngest apprentice.”
Did he just take Aru from Aruan Raven?
It seems like this kind of culture exists everywhere.
“Anyway, about that 5 million Stone, if old man here—”
“It’s not something that can be undone.”
Social mode on hold.
When I interrupted him with a serious expression, the old man clicked his tongue.
“Ugh, tsk, who said I wouldn’t give you anything? If you’re okay with it, old man here would like to offer you something else instead…”
If that’s the case, things are different.
“What is it?”
“This.”
The old man reached inside the robe he was wearing and pulled out a box the size of his palm.
However, I was more interested in the robe he was wearing than the box.
‘Could it be that the robe itself has a subspace attached to it?’
Hmm, I wouldn’t even get that if I asked, would I?
“What is it? Open it up.”
I salivated inwardly and opened the box, revealing a ring inside.
“This is called the Frost Spirit Ring.”
“Frost Spirit Ring?”
At my murmur, the old man continued to elaborate on the ring, but there was no need to pay attention.
It was something I was already familiar with.
“Even though it’s only in the 9000s, you, as an explorer, must know how valuable Numbered Items are.”
Numbered Items.
Obtainable only from Guardians of the Rift, each one possesses its unique special ability.
In fact, besides ‘crafting’ and ‘discovery’, Numbered Items are the only way to obtain equipment in [Dungeon & Stone].
Of course, they’re mostly expensive, regardless of the number.
But…
“You’re quite lucky. If I hadn’t liked you, I would never have given you this—”
“It’s not like it’s something anyone actually uses anyway.”
No. 9425 Frost Spirit Ring.
The Frost Spirit Ring, which drops only from Rifts below level 3, possesses only one unique ability.
For the record, it doesn’t help with combat, and it seals one of the Essences the wearer has absorbed.
Of course, the stats still apply, and only the skill is sealed, but…
‘It’s cheaper to remove the Essence at the temple.’
Think about it.
Leveling up becomes astronomically harder as you progress.
But if you wear this ring, the skill from the Essence you worked so hard to obtain will be completely useless.
It’s like losing a skill slot entirely.
Any explorer who thinks about the future will choose to erase the Essence at the temple and obtain a new one rather than wear this ring.
“But it’s undeniably a very useful item for you, isn’t it?”
Well, that is true.
In the early game, stats are more important than skill combinations. And the Corpse Golem Essence, despite its lousy skills, has rather high stats for an Essence.
‘Considering you can always remove the ring to use the skills again, it’s not a bad item. In and of itself, that is.’
I finished my mental calculations.
Actually, I never even considered refusing.
Because the abilities I just analyzed were just a small part of this ring’s true value.
‘I tried several times, but he didn’t mention it at all… he really doesn’t know about that event, does he?’
Magicians are the most knowledgeable people in this world.
But when I saw Raven not knowing how to get the “Tear of the Goddess” hidden under the statue in the “Blood-Soaked Fortress”, I was convinced.
They’re all just newbies in my eyes.
No matter the game, there’s no one easier to con than a newbie.
“What are you thinking so hard about? To be honest, this ring isn’t worth 5 million Stone. But it’s not something you can just get if you want it.”
“That’s true.”
I nodded in agreement.
Even in the game, the price on the auction house was only about 1.5 million Stone, but it was so rare that getting this ring was a one in ten chance.
‘But to get this precious thing like this?’
I never even expected to get all 5 million Stone in the first place.
The old man probably just pulled this out, thinking he could send me away with some useless item.
He’s probably laughing at me, thinking I’m a stupid Barbarian.
“Thanks to you, I got something good. I’ll use it well.”
Well, I guess we’re even?
“Heehee, consider it a gift from old man here.”
Looking at the old man’s kindly smile, I thought.
I feel like I’ll have a lot of opportunities to con him in the future.
I should befriend him as much as possible.
***
“Jandel, I think today might be a bit much, don’t you? You must be exhausted after going through all that, so how about we discuss the rest of it two days later?”
“That’s exactly what I was hoping for.”
After setting a rough time and place, Bjorn left the laboratory.
Raven then started to watch her mentor.
“Master, I’m so sorry. This is all my fault…”
“It’s fine. It’s not like it was something I was going to sell anyway. That Barbarian, he’ll feel quite regretful when he finds out how much this ring is worth.”
“…Really?”
Thankfully, it didn’t seem like she was particularly angry at Bjorn for being brought here.
Raven then finally asked about something she had been curious about since earlier.
“But why were you acting like that earlier?”
Her mentor’s behavior today was so unusual.
He dislikes rude people.
He never demeaned his fellow magicians, calling them petty.
“Ah, that’s because I had something to confirm.”
“Confirm? What?”
“You don’t need to know.”
She shut her mouth with a gruff expression.
It was clear that there was a reason behind her acting in accordance with Bjorn’s mood…
But since her mentor had said so, there was no way to find out his reason.
“Anyway, he’s a curious fellow. So curious that I’m actually looking forward to it. I hope my hunch is right…”.
“Are you going to keep doing this? If you’re going to tell me, just tell me!”
“I’ll tell you when the time is right. Oh, when you have time, be sure to write down everything that happened with that Barbarian and submit it to me.”
“You’re not going to tell me why?”
“I’ll tell you when things become clear.”
Then her mentor left the laboratory with his usual polite smile.
Looking at the empty space, I couldn’t shake off a feeling of unease.
‘What could my Master be thinking?’
I started to wonder if bringing Bjorn here was a mistake.
I remembered how the fates of those who caught her Master’s interest usually weren’t good.
‘Wait, but that applies to Jandel too, doesn’t it?’
Thinking of the man who had turned the Guild into ruins with the body of a 9th-grade explorer, she started to feel uneasy.
‘Nah, it couldn’t be, right? The Mage Tower isn’t some roadside shop.’
The Guild and the Mage Tower are completely different.
It’s not the kind of organization that would be manipulated by a single Barbarian.
It can’t be.