"But do I really have to find new teammates?"
That was the first thought that came to mind when Einar talked about leaving the party.
It was understandable. I was different from who I was two months ago.
"I think I could hunt a whole pack of Despinds alone now."
I had eaten the essence of the corpse golem and the vampire, the ones who were Guardians. 
My basic stats, including strength, had increased tremendously. Considering the regeneration-related skills, it's safe to say that I'm practically unbeatable on the second floor.
"I could do it, if I really wanted to."
There's no one to keep watch while I sleep.
There's no one I can trust to have my back in case of danger.
But I objectively assessed the situation. 
Even taking everything into account, I could confidently solo play at this level.
"Well, the third floor would be impossible, though."
"[Dungeon and Stone]" is fundamentally a game that forces you to play in parties. No matter how strong a character is, it's impossible to solo the game due to the game's structure. 
The different roles are so delicately balanced, and the lack of a specific role becomes fatal as you climb higher.
Like the Goblin Forest, where a scout was a must.
Even a Barbarian, who fills the "Tank" position, can't overcome a certain wall alone.
"The sheer size of the monsters changes from the third floor onwards, too."
After deliberation, I made a decision.
I would find new teammates of similar strength. 
If I couldn't find any, I'd join a team that has such players. 
And together, we would hunt monsters on higher floors and aim for the top.
"It's more efficient than wasting time grinding alone on the second floor."
Of course, this would be a headache too.
It's not just about combat strength or team composition. I have to make sure they're trustworthy.
"Ugh, where can I even find people like that?"
I guess I'll be busy for the next month.
Other than Erwen and Einar, I practically don't have any acquaintances in this world.
"Ugh..."
As I was about to finish the remaining beer and head to my room, I was interrupted.
"Hey, you there, the Barbarian! What do you think?"
A group of explorers who had been loudly drinking at the table next to me called out to me.
"What do you mean?"
"Oh, you didn't hear? This young friend here has been saying some cute things."
It doesn't seem like they're picking a fight.
I gestured that I wanted to hear what they had to say. An explorer in his mid-twenties started explaining the situation.
In short, it went like this.
Somehow, the topic of the Free Barbarians came up. Naturally, the explorers started pouring out their scorn for the guild.
But then, a young explorer came by and argued that they shouldn't believe such rumors, showering praises on the guild.
The explorers started openly mocking him and teasing him, and ultimately, they ended up grabbing him as he happened to walk by.
"So we wanted to hear your opinion, sir. What do you think? Do you find those guild guys trustworthy too?"
Damn, what kind of question is that?
"I'd rather trust a passing turd than those bastards."
"Hahaha! We knew you'd say that! You look different from those ordinary people, just by the look in your eyes!"
The man was bursting with laughter, for no apparent reason.
A young boy, who had been huddled in a corner, got up, his face flushed.
"Wait a minute! Why are all of you explorers like this? If it weren't for the guild, who would protect us in this city? You should be grateful!"
A brief silence ensued.
Soon, everyone at the table burst into laughter.
"What? Grateful? Hahaha!"
"Kid! You're a rookie because of stuff like this!"
It seems there's a culture among explorers where they have to distrust the guild to be considered a proper explorer.
"Alright, everyone, enough of that. He'll realize it once he gains more experience. That no one can protect him but himself."
"Ugh, wise words!"
"To that, let's have a drink!"
After the short interlude, the explorers started drinking again.
So I was about to leave, when the man who first spoke to me approached me with a friendly expression.
"Hans, it is."
"Hans...?"
"Haha! It's a common name."
I don't know much about names, but it does seem common.
The name of the old man I first killed in the labyrinth was Hans, too.
"Bjorn, son of Yandell."
"That's right! It's fate that we met like this. If you're not too tired, why don't we have another drink? My treat, of course!"
After a moment of deliberation, I nodded.
I've been eavesdropping on many conversations between explorers, but I haven't actually engaged in a conversation with them.
"So, what's been bothering you, sir? You were all alone just now."
Maybe I might get some unexpected advice, so I honestly revealed my worries.
"My team disbanded, so I'm looking for new teammates. But I don't know where to start."
Hans listened intently, then tilted his head with a "huh?" expression.
"If that's the problem, you can just go to the guild, right?"
"The guild?"
"Haha! They're untrustworthy bastards, that's for sure, but you gotta use what you can, right? The amount of our taxes that go to them! It's outrageous!"
Well, that's true.
No matter what, explorers can't be separated from the guild.
Even in the game, you could easily find teammates through the guild.
But...
"I'm worried about trusting the people I meet there."
"Hahaha! You seem like you've never really used them before. Things are much different now. They've started forcing everyone to wear video recording devices because of so many betrayals."
Is that right?
That didn't happen in the game.
"Trust me and give it a try. It's unlikely that anything you're worried about will happen."
He said that, so I guess it wouldn't hurt to give it a shot.
***
The next morning.
I woke up with a slight hangover and immediately headed towards the Tower.
"You cannot enter without a visitor's pass."
Shouldn't you ask if I have one first?
It was annoying to experience racial discrimination first thing in the morning, but when I showed the pass Raven gave me, the employee let me in without a word.
Ding!
I arrived on the 31st floor.
As I entered Raven's private study, I was greeted by a more chaotic interior than just two days ago.
"Oh, you're here?"
The books and documents that had been scattered around seemed to be mostly cleaned up, but in their place were intimidating-looking devices that filled the room.
"...What are these for?"
I pointed at the most menacing-looking item and asked what it was for.
"It's nothing special, just a magical artifact to make it easier to collect blood."
Her answer surprised me twice. 
First, because it wasn't for smashing human skulls. And secondly, because this barbaric-looking device was considered a magical artifact.
"So, are you ready?"
"...I don't think so yet."
"Aw, come on, don't be a drama queen. Come here."
"...Alright."
I was initially skeptical and worried, but the examinations using the magical artifacts were surprisingly humane.
The process was very quick, so it didn't take long to finish everything.
But in terms of the examination results...
"It's not different from what I'd analyzed myself in prison."
"Well, I haven't found any significant differences from other Guardian essences. Oh, you know what I'm talking about, right?"
"I do."
Guardian essences have two characteristics.
First, their base stats are 1.5 times higher than normal essences.
"Since you know, I guess it's better if you see it for yourself."
She showed me the stats of the vampire's essence that she had deduced using various magical artifacts.
It wasn't very meaningful.
As expected, the paper only showed (high), (medium), (low) ratings, which were pretty rough estimations...
After all, I could calculate the exact values by simply multiplying the stats of a normal vampire by 1.5.
[Vampire]
Natural Regeneration +45 Strength +15 Agility +15 Anti-Magic Resistance +30 Physical Resistance +12 Soul Power +21 Mana Sensitivity +30 Darkness Resistance +12 Sunlight Resistance -12
Some people might think it's low for a 5th tier monster. 
It's not entirely wrong. 
The essence of the corpse golem, which was only 7th tier, had high stats like Pain Resistance 70 and Bone Strength 55.
And those stats were already multiplied by 1.5.
But...
"Natural regeneration, anti-magic resistance, physical resistance, soul power, and mana sensitivity... and all that."
The rarity of the stats is different.
Even in the game, these rare stats were usually low in value.
Of course, if they were common, you'd have monsters everywhere.
"I feel it again, but Yandell, you are so lucky. Even normal vampire essences are rare and people can't get them, but you got it from a Guardian."
Actually, it's more than just luck.
A Guardian essence above 5th tier is good enough to be considered a graduation essence.
It's definitely not something you should find in the early game.
"Speaking of which, take a look at this too. I organized all your abilities in case you didn't know. There are four of them."
My lips curled up involuntarily.
"Four..."
That's the second characteristic of Guardian essences.
Normal essences have only two skills: passive and active.
But Guardian essences are different.
(P) Source of Darkness — Resists death as long as the heart is intact.
(A) Offering Inscription — Temporarily increases physical abilities based on the number of creatures whose blood you've stained your hands with.
(A) Immortal — Temporarily increases regeneration significantly, proportional to lost health.
(A) Master of Blood — When directly absorbing blood, temporarily absorbs one of the target's skills.
All the active skills that can be acquired are acquired.
Normally, you would have to eat a yellow vampire essence to get [Offering Inscription] and a red essence to get [Master of Blood]...
But Guardian essences don't work like that.
It's a very difficult item to obtain, though.
"With the Immortal Inscription and this, I'm practically done with regeneration setup, right?"
Even I, who has played this game for ten years, can't believe how fast I've been progressing.
As I was silently satisfied with myself, I heard her muttering.
"Okay, that's it for today. You've worked hard. Come back anytime next week. I'll be here."
"But isn't there more research to be done here?"
"What are you talking about? We need to run at least ten more reaction tests for this essence to be officially adopted by the academy."
...I see.
"I just didn't know, so I asked. Don't get mad."
"I'm not mad. Anyway, if you have time, I'm thinking of looking at the corpse golem essence, so don't even think about running away."
"...Understood."
I was practically naked because of the examination, so I hurriedly put on my clothes.
And before leaving, I asked her one more thing.
"Raven, do you have any plans to enter the Labyrinth in the future?"
"Well, I don't think so for a while... Why do you ask?"
"Ahem! It's better to go with someone you know, right!"
I was awkward myself, so could she see right through me?
She chuckled, looking amused.
"Listen, we're not that close."
"Fine, let's pretend I didn't say that."
"I don't want to."
She instantly changed her tone, becoming snappy.
Come to think of it, that's always been her personality. 
She's usually quiet, but when she gets annoyed, she can be incredibly rude.
"Seriously, what kind of image do you have of me, suggesting to join a team with only two Barbarians?"
To be precise, it's not even two.
One of them quit yesterday.
But I'm afraid to say it, as it would just make the situation more tense.
"...That's why I said to pretend you didn't hear me!"
"I already heard it, so I can't just pretend I didn't."
I mean, is it really something to get so worked up about?
As I was trying to figure out how to react to her outburst...
"Sigh..."
She sighed deeply, as if engraving patience in her heart.
"Yandell, even if it's not me, if you want to make such an offer to a magician, at least form a proper team. Hmm... all members should be 6th tier or above, and it would be nice to have a priest."
Damn, who doesn't know that?
If things were that good, I wouldn't be making such an offer to you.
"I, I will."
Magicians are definitely known for their arrogance.
***
"Well, I'm off."
"Wait! Just a second!"
Raven stopped Bjorn, who was about to leave.
She suddenly remembered something she hadn't asked earlier.
"That time! That time, what was that? You know, the thing you shoved into the fainted vampire's mouth. I felt divine power... "
It was a question that arose while she was recording the past events to share with her teacher.
What was it?
It didn't seem like something a 9th tier explorer would carry around.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"Huh?"
"Did you misunderstand something? It was a chaotic situation."
"Misunderstand? No way. I distinctly felt—"
"I'm off. I have to go somewhere."
"Hey! Wait! Don't—"
Bang!
Before she could say anything more, Bjorn left, slamming the door shut.
"Yes, there's definitely something he's hiding!"
She glared at the departing figure, grumbling, and headed towards the study.
She pulled out a thick book.
[Comprehensive Record of Rifts III]
A record compiled and explained about rifts.
As simple as the title, it's an old book without even the author's name.
In her childhood, she bought this book by chance in the Free Market. Surprisingly, it contained knowledge that wasn't recorded in the academy.
"The Blood Citadel was on what page... "
She stopped flipping the pages, finding a certain page.
A map of the underground prison section.
The precise location of the hidden passage.
How to get the "Necronomicon" from the devil worship chamber, and other advanced information about the Blood Citadel, was written on this page.
Sadly, there were parts that she couldn't read.
Two parts, to be precise.
[Tears of the Goddess]
Acquisition Location: ——————.
[Golden Mask]
———: ——— —.
Two items whose acquisition methods were erased by the ravages of time, lost to the unknown.
She searched high and low to find them herself, but ultimately couldn't find them.
As she licked her lips in disappointment, she tilted her head.
"Wait, I've heard 'Tears of the Goddess' somewhere... "
Where was it?
She retraced her hazy memories, pulling out a few books on religion and flipping through the pages quickly.
After some time, her hand stopped flipping.
[Tears of the Goddess]
A consumable holy relic of unknown origin.
Has the effect of spreading a powerful 'grace' to the location where it's destroyed.
150 years ago, during the dimensional collapse, Cardinal Androne used all three of them to save the Pope, and since then, it's disappeared from the world.
"A holy relic?"
She was startled and checked the picture in the next page.
Although she had only seen it from afar, it was too early to be sure, but the shape and size seemed to be similar.
Even the method of use and effect, too.
"…"
Raven was confused.
It didn't feel like a mere coincidence.
But if it wasn't a coincidence...
How could a newly-adulted Barbarian know where the [Tears of the Goddess] was hidden and immediately think of using it?
"Could it be... Yandell...?"
One possibility came to mind, and her eyes lit up, still holding the book.
"I have to check."
No matter how long it takes.
It will be worth it. 