Chapter 48: Companion (2)
After a moment of silence, the dwarf, hesitant about what to say, finally spoke.
“I… I see…?”
His reaction was both bewildered and surprised.
“What’s so surprising about that? You must have something like this too!”
“It's just… were you always like this?”
Well, I don’t know what this guy knows about me.
But enough with this boasting.
With the dwarf's level of experience, this information alone should give him a sense of my equipment level.
‘With this, even if my experience is short, he won't dare think about taking advantage of me in terms of the loot distribution.’
Of course, the announcement clearly stated ‘equal distribution’.
But I still remember vividly.
When I offered to give up all the loot from the Crimson Citadel in exchange for just the Fissure Stone, the look on this dwarf’s face as he accused me of being greedy.
‘Ultimately, no matter how friendly they seem, explorers are explorers.’
Being underestimated in such a situation is a slippery slope with no end.
Therefore, I skipped the question of whether I could sit and took a seat opposite him.
And I spat out these words.
“Hikurod, you're buying the drinks. Didn't you get the Number's item thanks to me?”
A comment subtly showcasing my ability while reminding him of the debt.
“What? Hahaha! Is that how it works?”
The dwarf just laughed loudly without denying it.
He wouldn’t deny it because, after all, I was the one who made the biggest contribution at the ‘Crimson Citadel’.
“Well, it’s not wrong either! It’s still early, but I’ll gladly buy the drinks. Let’s talk over drinks!”
“Good.”
The food we ordered would take a while to come out, but we naturally started drinking the drinks that came out first.
And we started talking in earnest.
The dwarf was the one who started the conversation.
“I was incredibly surprised when I found out you were the one who submitted the application. What happened? Was there some treasure hidden in the fissure? Surely that mage girl checked everything?”
As expected, questions poured in.
I guess it's natural to ask seeing me like this.
I don't have the loyalty to be honest.
“Well, there was treasure there. That's it. Don't ask anymore.”
I drew a clear line, and the dwarf smacked his lips.
He must have decided that further questioning wouldn't get him an answer.
“I don't know what treasure you got, but you're certainly lucky.”
Lucky?
In the first place, this guy was the one who got the most benefit from the ‘Crimson Citadel’.
I went through hell.
Didn’t he just do the minimum and walk away with a Number’s item?
‘I’m curious what dropped… I can ask about that later.’
The food we ordered finally arrived, so we continued the conversation while filling our bellies.
First things first.
“So, did you find any team members?”
“I haven't found anyone I like, so you're the first person I've met.”
“I see.”
I nodded and, like a barbarian, went straight to the point.
The real purpose of this meeting.
“So, what are you going to do?”
Would Hikurod Murad accept me as a team member?
“Well, actually… until just now, I was mainly here to confirm if you were really you. Putting aside finding team members, I wanted to have a conversation with you. Oh, I’ve marked it as 3rd floor, but if we get enough people, we’re thinking of going to the 4th floor…”
He’s talking too much.
Just one sentence saying he didn’t plan on taking me in would have been enough.
“So, did you change your mind?”
I asked, staring intently, and the dwarf stroked his thick beard and replied.
“Ahem, you could say that. After all, who would look at you now and think you’re a beginner? If it weren’t for the fact that it’s difficult to find other team members if a beginner joins, I wouldn't have even been considering it!”
Wouldn't it be better if he just hadn’t said anything about this in the first place, instead of making excuses like this?
But I guess that kind of naivety is one of the charms of this dwarf race.
“So, are we done talking then?”
“Hahaha! You could say that.”
When I raised my glass, the dwarf raised his as well.
“I’ll be relying on you again this time.”
We have a team.
It’s only two people for now…
Well, we can pretend to discuss things and pick people to my liking from now on.
***
“Hikurod, didn’t you say that a few people applied earlier?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Who were they?”
“That? You don’t need to worry about that. They were all 8th-grade kids who haven't even been around for a year.”
What? Is he putting me down?
As I was seriously considering this, the dwarf spoke up as if he had thought of something.
“Ah! I forgot to ask! How did you get promoted so quickly? You can't get to 7th grade with just one Corpse Golem Essence, can you?”
“One Corpse Golem Essence?”
I muttered and realized belatedly.
That’s right, I was unconscious back then, so he doesn’t know that I ate the Vampire Essence.
Hmm, should I just tell him?
I was deep in internal conflict.
“Aha! I see!”
Suddenly, the dwarf exclaimed Eureka.
“Hahaha! I was being short-sighted! Of course, with that kind of equipment, you could be promoted to 7th grade!”
Oh, uh, hmm…
It’s a plausible guess…
“…Well, something like that.”
Since it came to this, I decided to keep this fact to myself for now.
After all, we haven’t officially formed a team yet, and I don’t know what kind of guy will join later.
It’s better to be safe than sorry.
‘As for the regeneration, I can just say it’s because of the Undead Mark.’
The most important matter was settled, but we continued to drink and talk.
Among the topics, there was also the reason why the dwarf left his original team and formed a new one.
“As you know, I took a temporary leave from my team recently.”
“That’s right.”
I heard he took a break from his team for no reason, thinking he might be able to enter the fissure.
“But when I wanted to go back, they told me that the warrior they hired temporarily to fill my spot was better than me!”
The dwarf then went on to rant about his former teammates, sounding incredibly frustrated, but I couldn't relate at all.
‘Isn’t the problem that you left your team for personal reasons in the first place?’
The biggest victim is the former team leader.
Right now, he has to enter the maze, and he was probably running around because the dwarf suddenly said he wanted a break.
But if there was something wrong with the warrior…
He’s actually better?
‘If I were the team leader, I wouldn’t take someone as impulsive as him back. You never know when he’ll pull something like this again.’
Of course, it was just a thought that I kept to myself.
“Those guys really have no loyalty, huh?”
“That’s right. They’re truly people without loyalty!”
I learned that it’s best to just agree unconditionally in situations like this.
I just went along with him and asked what I was curious about.
“I don’t know how good they are, but they’ll definitely regret it when they find out what you got this time!”
“What I got this time?”
“I mean the Number’s item!”
“Ah! Thinking about it, that’s true! I’ll definitely tell them about it when we meet again and let them know how stupid they were!”
Is he already picturing that situation in his head?
The dwarf took a large gulp of his drink and burst into a merry laugh.
Okay, this should be natural enough.
“So, I was just… going to ask…”
I cautiously began.
“What did you get this time?”
“Well, didn’t I already tell you?”
“You didn’t!”
It was something I had been wondering about since we met.
I know all the possible Number’s items that can drop, but this is a variant fissure that was never cleared before.
Maybe there was a unique item dropped.
Like the mysterious box Raven left open in the boss room.
‘Now that I think about it, I didn’t ask what was in there.’
I waited for his answer, deciding to ask about it next time we met, when the dwarf smirked and rested his plump arm on the table.
“This wrist guard I’m wearing is what I got there.”
Hmm, I can’t tell just by looking at it.
“What’s its name?”
“The appraiser at the guild said it’s called the ‘Guardian’s Wrist Guard’…”
“Bullshit?”
That dropped?
“…Huh? Do you know it?”
“No, no. I’m just surprised by the name.”
“Hahaha! We’re on the same page! I thought the same thing!”
No.3112 Guardian’s Wrist Guard.
It’s a Number’s item that could only be obtained from fissures on the 4th floor and above, a whopping item in the 3000s.
Let alone its effects, how much is it worth?
“I checked the price on the Central Exchange, and it seems to be around 50 million stones.”
Damn it.
Is this a game?
What great contribution did this dwarf make there?
“Hahaha! That’s the old price too, and there’s almost no stock available, so it could be even more expensive! I’m not planning on selling it, though!”
“….”
“Why are you so quiet all of a sudden?”
“Nothing. I’m just… a little… surprised, that’s why.”
To be honest, I was so surprised that my stomach, which I had just filled with drinks and meat, ached unbearably.
“I understand. 50 million stones? I almost fainted when I first heard it, you’d be the same.”
Is this how you give and take?
Now that I think about it, the boasting I did earlier was nothing compared to this dwarf.
“Don’t be too envious. If you keep exploring, you’ll get a Number’s item someday. Of course, it won’t be as good as what I got! Hahaha.”
I discreetly moved my hand under the table to avoid the dwarf’s laughing gaze.
Swoosh-
It was the hand wearing the No.9425 Frost Spirit Ring.
***
The Guardian’s Wrist Guard? 50 million stones?
I decided to think positively.
The minor issue of my stomach twisting and wanting to vomit could be ignored; a strong teammate is a good thing.
‘…Let’s focus on building the team.’
With that in mind, the first thing I did was to get the dwarf’s explorer rank upgraded.
If you want to recruit good teammates, you need to appear to be a team worth joining.
There’s a huge gap between being a 7th-grade team leader and a 6th-grade team leader that can’t be bridged by words.
“Hikurod, go to the guild today and get your explorer rank upgraded.”
“…Suddenly?”
“You have a 50 million stone piece of equipment, right? If you apply, the guild will definitely consider it seriously!”
“But it’s too sudden…”
“So, you’re saying you don’t want to?”
“No, it’s not like that… “
“Then go now!”
I followed him to the guild to make sure he didn’t change his mind and watched him submit his application.
For the record, it took 6 days for the review results to come out, which was a bit slower than expected, but thankfully, he was promoted.
The specs of the applicants noticeably increased from then on.
More than 10 applicants came in every day.
As I carefully reviewed the specs of the dwarf and the applicants, happily contemplating,
“A, a mage?”
A mage’s application arrived out of the blue.
Of course, it wasn’t a mage from the Mage Tower, it was an 8th-grade mage who worked in the guild or government, but…
He’s a mage after all.
“Hey Bjorn, something’s wrong, isn’t it? A mage is applying for this team?”
“It’s definitely a little strange. If he wants to, there were many better teams with better conditions than us.”
“T, then what should we do?”
There are some suspicious parts, but we decided to meet him, and we contacted the guild to let him know.
And this morning.
We finally set a meeting place and time.
“He won’t ask for half the loot for himself, will he? They say mages are all arrogant…”
I don’t understand why this guy is so anxious.
He wasn’t afraid to demand his fair share from Raven, who was from the Mage Tower.
“What’s so worrisome? If he makes that demand, just tell him to get lost.”
“Y, yeah, that’s true?”
Is he acting this way because this is his first time meeting a mage as team leader?
I was pacifying the dwarf, who was fidgeting with his chubby legs every now and then, when a man in a robe entered the tavern.
And he waved at us.
“Oh, barbarian! Dwarf!”
Damn it, is he a landmine?
How can you piss someone off with just that short greeting?
The signs of doom were already showing, but I decided to observe a little longer just in case.
“Hahaha! Nice to meet you, are you the mage we’re meeting today?”
“What are the odds of encountering a mage at a specific time and place?”
The dwarf was flustered by the mage’s question and looked at me.
Ugh, why am I sighing so much?
“…That means it’s you.”
“Y, yeah, that’s right! Hahaha! It’s nice to meet you anyway, my name is Hikurod Murad!”
“It’s a peculiar name. I am Reol Werv Dwalki, an 8th-grade mage certified by the Raphdonia royal family.”
“…R, Raphdonia royal family?”
What are you surprised about?
“It means I’m a mage who works in the government, not the guild.”
“Oh, I, I see?”
The mage who keeps talking in a confusing way is a problem, but the dwarf who’s falling for every word is also getting annoying.
“Haha! You have a wide range of knowledge for a barbarian. What’s your name?”
“Bjorn, son of Yandell. Sit down first.”
I was going to just watch, but I decided to take the lead in the conversation since it was getting too frustrating.
It’ll save us both time.
“Dwalki, I’ve read the application you sent. But I have a few questions. Is that okay?”
“Of course.”
“Do you have a maze entry permit?”
“Would I have come here if I didn’t?”
Come on, just say you have one.
“One more thing, you could make enough money just living in the city, why are you trying to be an explorer?”
It’s rare for 8th-grade mages to go exploring.
It’s a simple reason.
They lack the skill to operate in the middle levels and above. And exploring the lower levels doesn’t earn much money.
It’s much more profitable to work for the government.
Considering that it’s difficult to get a permit and the risks involved, it doesn’t make sense financially.
“Hmm, that’s an unexpected question.”
Dwalki tilted his head for a moment before continuing.
“It’s simple. I want to become a great explorer and raise the honor of our Martoang Viscount family.”
He proudly declared his ambition with a face overflowing with self-confidence.
The dwarf, who was listening quietly, was terrified.
“M, Martoang? You’re a, a noble? No, you’re a noble…?”
Nobles.
They are the ones that ordinary people will never meet in their lifetime, the ultimate power holders of Raphdonia.
Dwalki, pleased with the dwarf’s reaction, burst into laughter and proudly began to boast.
“Huhuhu, my mother’s sister, Lady Enka, her husband is the third brother of Lady Martoang, the Viscountess.”
“………!!!”
As soon as he finished speaking, the dwarf took a deep breath, as if he were about to faint, and Dwalki patted his shoulder, as if he understood.
He had a kind smile on his face.
Looking at that smile, I thought to myself.
“Don’t be so nervous. I have no intention of treating anyone poorly because of my status.”
Is this guy insane?