Chapter 50: Companions (4)
Skill is immensely important when saving your companions. But there's another virtue just as crucial: trust.
In other words, can you trust them?
Of course, this isn't a major issue when things are going smoothly. You can all just laugh and be happy together.
But what if they aren't? What if the worst-case scenario happens? In such a moment, can you truly trust them enough to turn your back?
"Perhaps it's not about trust, but about their nature," I mused.
These are things you can't glean from a few applications or a couple of conversations. After all, a person's true nature is deeply hidden within them.
Ideally, we wouldn't have to reveal our true selves to each other. That would be best for everyone.
"This place smells awful, I can't get used to it! Ha-ha-ha! Dwarki, are you alright?"
“…Please don't talk to me, w-weeek!"
Turning my attention away from Dwarki, who was gagging, I surveyed my surroundings.
My current location was the 2nd floor zone accessible through the portal in the eastern region of the 1st floor, where the Razor Wolves resided.
The Beasts' Lair.
As the name suggests, this is where beast-type monsters are primarily encountered. And that's why it stinks. It stinks really bad.
"Rothmiller, are you okay? I heard you have a sensory essence for smell."
"Thanks for your concern, but I'm fine. It's not my first rodeo."
"I see."
So this is what 8 years of experience looks like? This guy just makes me feel at ease looking at him.
I'll need to observe this one a little longer, though.
"By the way, when is our mage going to snap out of it? I need to earn some money…."
Misha Kalstain. Showing no empathy for her companion's pain and only concerned with her own gain.
I paused, about to add a note to my mental evaluation of her.
Hmm, is this something I do too?
"Dwarki, wake up. How long do you intend to waste our time?"
"Right, right. You can't be an adventurer if you get all worked up over this. Mage! Grow up!"
I chimed in, and Misha quickly agreed in a mocking tone. However, Dwarki's response was unexpected, to say the least.
"You're right. I need to grow up now."
Huh, is he usually like this? Frankly, I expected him to make some kind of lame excuse or get angry. Or even get mad at us for what we said.
"Let's go."
"B-but are you sure you're okay?"
"Of course it's tough. But as a newbie, and a mage no less… it would be a shame to be a burden on my companions."
"W-well, I didn't call you a burden…."
Misha was taken aback by the unexpected apology, while Dwarki, his face noticeably paler, struggled to his feet and muttered with a determined expression.
"I cannot sully the honor of the Martoang Barony."
"I-it! You're pretending to be a noble again!! I'm not falling for it anymore!"
"Ha-ha-ha! Let's go. I'm really fine now!"
Seeing him suddenly become cheerful again, Misha exclaimed in frustration that she'd been tricked once more. And with that, we slowly began our trek.
"From here on out, follow behind me. It might look flat, but the terrain is riddled with pits."
"Pits? I don't see any…."
"They're usually filled with filth, making them difficult to distinguish. It's easy to fall if you're not careful."
“…Rothmiller, I trust you."
The Beasts' Lair can be described as a canyon. Narrow passages with towering cliffs on either side, forcing explorers to navigate through a maze of rock crevices to find their way.
"There are no traps, but this floor is more about the explorer's role than the Goblin Woods."
As a reminder, the monsters that spawn here are Razor Wolves, Wall Bats, Sabre Tigers, Werewolves, and Vulcars. Most of them reside in the caves along the cliff face.
Adventurers whose goal is to hunt usually enter the caves and engage in combat with packs of monsters.
However, since we're heading to the 3rd floor, we're passing.
[You have slain a Giant Razor Wolf. EXP+1]
[You have slain a Sabre Tiger. EXP +2]
[You have slain a Werewolf. EXP +2]
[You have slain a Wall Bat. EXP +1]
As we quickly moved along, catching only the occasional monster loitering outside the caves, it was time for a break.
It was 3 hours before the start of day 2.
[20:58]
We spent the entire day just traveling. But without Rothmiller, the explorer, it would've taken twice as long to get here.
"The entrance is narrow, this would make a good campsite."
After clearing out the Wall Bat's den, we began preparing for camp.
The dwarf, Rothmiller, and Misha. With three experienced adventurers on our team, setting up camp was a breeze.
Even the mage, who was practically nonexistent except for creating drinking water, shone at this moment.
"With the alarm spell, one guard should be enough."
"Why do we need a guard?"
"Dwarki, it's not because I don't trust you, so don't get any funny ideas. As you know, it's not just monsters we need to be wary of in a dungeon."
To be a true adventurer, you need to be more cautious of fellow adventurers than monsters.
"Rothmiller, who worked the hardest today, will be the first guard, and then we'll rotate from there."
"Wait, I don't have to stand guard?"
"Leave this to us, you get some rest."
The mage was excluded from the guard rotation. Not necessarily out of consideration for his weak constitution, but it's tradition.
Adventurers, being sensitive to the division of labor, acknowledge that even the alarm spell constitutes a contribution.
"Well, in reality, it's just a tradition that developed from trying to keep the mage happy."
Anyway, with one person guarding for 2 hours, it was incredibly convenient. Six hours of sleep a day? It's almost like paradise compared to when we were only two.
Of course, the convenience comes at the price of more mouths to feed, but that's just a matter of taking down stronger monsters in greater numbers.
"I, the great mage, Leor…"
"Stop sleep-talking and wake up, mage!"
“…Slurp, is it morning already?"
"I don't know if it's morning, but it's definitely time to get up."
Day 2, 5 AM.
The first night passed without incident, much to my relief. We did get woken up five times, four because of monsters detected by the alarm spell and once because a group of adventurers approached our camp during the dwarf's shift…
But that's just part of daily life.
"Dwarki should be adjusted now, so we'll pick up the pace from here on out."
"Hmm, there's no need to rush, is there?"
"We need to reach the 3rd floor as soon as possible so we can camp comfortably."
Starting on day 2, we minimized chit-chat and focused on moving. Of course, monsters kept blocking our way, interrupting our progress every few minutes…
Which was a welcome development for me.
[You have slain a Half-Moon Rock Bear. EXP+1]
[You have slain a Wall Bat Queen. EXP+1]
[You have slain a Blood-stained Razor Wolf. EXP+1]
So I've slain all the 9th-rank monsters in the Beasts' Lair, have I? Maybe it's because it's a floor I've never visited before, but EXP is accumulating pretty quickly. Of course, there's no separate EXP bar.
"If I count up all the monsters I've slain so far…."
Exactly 40. With the upper variant monster kill bonus and guardian kill bonus, it should be 44.
"Still a long way to go to reach level 4."
The required cumulative EXP to level up increases explosively with each level.
Level 1 is 6, level 3 is 30, level 3 is 150.
Of course, it doesn't keep increasing 5-fold, but the perceived difficulty is higher. Monsters only increase by +1 for each rank, and even then, if there are no more huntable monsters, you can't even gain EXP from them.
"…Well, I'm not in a huge rush to level up right now."
My current level is 3. I can absorb up to 3 essences.
That means I still have one slot open.
Of course, I'm not expecting to find an essence before reaching level 4.
[Dungeon and Stone] is not that kind of game.
"Why did I pick this game of all things…."
I feel regret now, but what can I do? I was a true sadist back then, who thrived on absurd difficulty.
"Be on your guard now. From here on out, only upper-ranked monsters will appear, and the numbers will increase significantly."
We had been following Rothmiller's lead for half a day when the terrain, or rather, the color of the cliffs, changed.
From a reddish brown, it turned black.
"Are we in the latter half now?"
From here on out, there are no more 9th-rank monsters.
However, no one, including myself, was particularly tense about it.
"Even the upper-ranked monsters on the 2nd floor are only 8th-rank!"
Our team's average rank is 7th. All but one of us have at least been active on the 3rd floor.
Well, I'm a newbie, but…
I've played the game a million times, so I'm an exception.
"Come to think of it, Bjorn said he hadn't made it to the 3rd floor yet, right?"
"That's right."
I responded with a sarcastic tone, thinking he was trying to pick a fight, but Misha was genuinely impressed.
"That's amazing. It took me a whole year to reach the 3rd floor!"
Man, that's just rude.
“…I was just lucky."
Before the conversation could go any further, the dwarf chimed in.
"A year to reach the 3rd floor? How long did it take you to reach the 4th floor?"
"Hmm, two years? Something like that."
"Similar to me."
"I-it! That's so unfair! The captain is younger than me and already 6th-rank!"
"But Ms. Kalstain comes from a good family!"
"I-it! I told you not to talk about my family!"
As the conversation stretched on and the two began to squabble again, Rothmiller, who was leading the way, intervened and silenced them.
"Both of you, stop it."
His voice, tone, and expression were the same as before.
But why did it feel more annoying than before?
"Well, if I were working my tail off while they're goofing around, I'd be pissed off too."
I shrugged it off without giving it much thought.
***
[You have entered the 3rd Floor, Pilgrim's Path.]
***
Just past noon on day 2.
Thanks to Rothmiller's precise guidance, we had entered the 3rd floor.
It's a bit of a shame that we didn't get to slay a few 8th-rank monsters in the Beasts' Lair…
But those monsters don't always stay on the 2nd floor.
"I'll get another chance to take them down eventually."
I shook off the lingering disappointment and focused on the present situation.
"Rothmiller! Fall back!"
My current location was the 3rd floor, "Pilgrim's Path". More specifically, the "Iron Boulder Hill", the starting point for the Beasts' Lair route.
And upon arrival, we encountered two 7th-rank monsters.
"Dwarki! Cast Corrosion!"
Their name: "Ironthro". You can think of them as steel-toothed boars. They're about 5 times the size of a Jirisan boar.
[Leor Warve Dwarki cast the 8th-rank curse spell [Corrosion]].
Rothmiller, who was the first to enter through the portal, retreated to safety as Dwarki immediately cast his spell.
Immediately, the dwarf and I dashed forward, taking one boar each.
Kwang-!
A heavy impact reverberated from the front. If it had been my old shield, it would have been dented all over the place when blocking the charge.
Just like the dwarf's shield over there.
[Hiku로드 무라드 cast [Emergency Repair]].
"Bjorn, why are you suddenly looking at me?"
"Not jealous."
Really. If I had a durable shield, I wouldn't have to repair it all the time, would I?
"What are you talking about? Anyway, Bjorn! Don't try to push them back, just block them from retreating!"
"I know that!"
Ironthro's active skill is "Counterweight". It grants immunity to knockback.
It's also the essence the dwarf consumed.
[Hiku로드 무라드 cast [Counterweight]].
Are you serious? This boar's main attack is a charge, yet it has this skill? And the dwarf's shouting at me not to get pushed back by it!
The barbarian's rage within me boils over.
Is that why?
"Behel—laaaaaaa!"
Instead of waiting for my teammates to attack, I swung my mace and smacked Ironthro right in the jaw.
Kakakak-!
The steel tusk, already under the effects of [Corrosion], shattered without a fight.
"Essence, come to me!"
Misha, who had jumped on my back without permission, plunged her dagger into Ironthro's skull.
[You have slain Ironthro. EXP+3]
One down.
I was about to finish off the other one, but stopped and observed.
Dwarki was casting a spell.
One of the few offensive spells he had.
[Leor Warve Dwarki cast the 8th-rank attack spell [Ice Lance]].
An ice spear flew out and pierced Ironthro's abdomen.
If he had aimed for the head or the heart, it would have been a clean kill…
But I'll save the detailed feedback for later.
Puk-!
Rothmiller, approaching the fallen Ironthro, fired a bolt from his crossbow into its forehead, ending the fight.
Of course, no essence dropped.
Well, that's not the important part right now.
"The monster was right in front of the portal…."
It seems that the fucker's somewhere nearby. 