Chapter 53: The Half-Baked Team (3)
After the shocking confession of having no mother, a strange silence descended. Confused glances shot towards me.
"Uh, uh…."
"You… you said that…?"
I quickly added an explanation.
"My mother passed away after giving birth to me. And my father never returned from the Labyrinth when I was young. So, even though I’m an adult, I can’t see either of them!"
Just so you know, the story I just told is 100% true, something I learned from Einar.
"Goodness…"
"You must have suffered a lot at a young age."
But perhaps it was because the confession came from the youngest member of the team, a Barbarian who had just completed his coming-of-age ceremony? The pity in their eyes began to grow.
"Bjorn, don’t feel pressured to act tough in front of us."
"I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had such circumstances. I shouldn’t have mentioned my family…"
"Bjorn, I can’t be your parent, but if you wish—"
What the hell is this dwarf saying? I decided to ignore his words.
"That’s enough."
I felt like I suddenly became the most pitiful person in the group… but what could I do? It wasn’t true, so I shouldn’t care. It wasn’t like I actually didn’t have a mother.
Most importantly, unlike these guys, I am a Munchkin Barbarian who ascended to the rank of 7th-grade Explorer in just three months, following an elite path. The essence is always the most important thing.
‘But thinking about it, am I actually the most pitiful person here?’
The thought suddenly hit me. I was dragged into this game world against my will, facing the danger of death countless times.
Damn, why is my life so pitiful?
"Bjorn, your expression isn’t good! Are you thinking about your mother?"
"Yeah, something like that…"
"If you’re missing your family, you can call me sister—"
I cut off the Cat-Eared girl before she could continue her rambling and got to the point.
"Anyway, what are we going to do now?"
The Orc settlement, our first destination, is unusable for hunting because of those bastards. Sure, they said they’d be okay with us hunting on the outskirts, but how much will be left if we hunt at this pace and then divide the spoils among five people?
"I think it would be better to head towards the Witch’s Forest."
The dwarf, acting as our leader, suggested. The Witch’s Forest is a huge forest surrounding the portal connected to the 4th floor. Monsters ranging from 7th to 8th grade primarily roam there, including some ethereal creatures that are immune to physical attacks.
"Of course, it’s not a good match for us with many close-combat fighters, but since we have a mage, it’s not bad."
"Hmm, in that case, wouldn't it be better to go up to the 4th floor?"
Lotmiller, who had been listening intently, offered a new suggestion. I also thought this was a better choice than the dwarf’s idea. The Witch’s Forest is considered a necessary pass-through area for most explorers, its merits as a hunting ground are minimal.
‘And there’s nothing among the essence that I can use.’
The problem, however, was that the dwarf didn’t seem to like this choice.
"The 4th floor… it seems a bit premature."
I know what the dwarf is worried about. On the 3rd floor, 7th and 8th grade monsters are common. And the same goes for the 4th floor. But there’s a crucial difference between the two.
"As I mentioned repeatedly in the meeting, many teams have gone up without thinking and been wiped out. Once, my team almost met that fate."
The existence of 6th grade monsters. There’s a chance, however small, for 6th grade monsters to appear on the 4th floor. The encounter frequency is about once every three days if you roam around all day long…
But this ultimately means that you will inevitably encounter a 6th grade monster if you’re active on the 4th floor.
‘Whether you have the strength to overcome that one encounter. That’s what’s ambiguous.’
I had also experienced a close call and suffered losses entering the 4th floor while playing the game. So, the dwarf’s words made sense.
"Heading to the 4th floor is something we can decide after we’ve worked together for a few more days."
Regardless of the deep emotional connection and increased sense of camaraderie from this incident.
We just formed this team. We’ve only been in the Labyrinth for three days, and we’re still unfamiliar with each other.
"Moreover, as you know, Dwalki is a first-timer, and Bjorn, this is your first time reaching the 3rd floor."
In conclusion, the dwarf’s argument is that going to the 4th floor is fine, but let’s not be too hasty.
"Well, then, can’t we just go to a different area on the 3rd floor? The Greentail Swamp might be good…"
Misha, who had been listening to the debate with a pained expression, suggested a new idea.
She immediately received a rebuttal from Lotmiller.
"If we had moved along that path from the beginning, then maybe, but it will take at least six days to go to the Greentail Swamp now."
The Labyrinth closes when the 7th day on the 1st floor, the 10th day on the 2nd floor, and the 15th day on the 3rd floor are over. But are we going to invest another seven days in travel? It’s only the third day, and even if we leave now, it means we’ll only have five days to hunt when we get there.
"It might be a better choice to just return to the Iron Rock Cliff."
"Re-really? I didn’t know that…."
Misha scratched her cheek, awkwardly smiling at Lotmiller’s expert words.
Well, I continued to listen in case anything else came up, but it was all just the same old stuff. I needed to step in and wrap things up.
"How long are we going to stand here talking? That’s enough, everyone gather around. We’ll decide what to do with a majority vote."
"A majority vote?"
"Why? Do you prefer Rock-Paper-Scissors, Lotmiller?"
"No, but that’s…."
Lotmiller made a face at my question. I was joking, saying there was no better method, but…
Is it because he’s a Barbarian? Sadly, no one seemed to realize it was a joke.
"I agree with the majority vote decision."
"It’s simple, but the most reliable method."
"I’m fine with anything!"
In any case, it was decided that we would determine our future course of action through a majority vote.
And the first to cast their vote was me.
"I think it would be better to go up to the 4th floor."
I figured it would be slightly beneficial for rallying public opinion if I spoke in favor of it first.
"…Suddenly, the 4th floor feels dangerous. It feels too hasty."
"Uh, did you feel that too, Kalstain?"
"…"
Regardless of how these guys reacted, as they spoke their opinions in turn, a conclusion was quickly reached.
"Phew, you’re all in agreement, so I guess there’s no point in being stubborn."
We’re going to the 4th floor now.
***
There was a reason why I pushed through with this decision despite the dwarf’s concerns.
Of course, this decision was made by majority vote… but that doesn’t really matter.
If I thought entering the 4th floor was premature, I would have made them stay on the 3rd floor, even if it meant completely crushing their self-esteem.
"Ugh? It feels a bit colder suddenly…"
"Hmm, already? We still have a long way to go before reaching the Witch’s Forest…"
"No, it’s a different kind of cold, I can’t explain it well."
Under Lotmiller’s guidance, we continued to push through the darkness towards our destination. The dwarf still had a troubled expression.
‘He didn’t seem like this in the Bloodstained Citadel, he’s been overly cautious lately.’
Is it because this is the first team he’s leading, and he personally met and chose each team member? A strange sense of responsibility seems to be with him all the time. He’s a dummy leader, though…
‘Well, maybe it’s because he doesn’t know I have the Vampire Essence?’
The dwarf doesn’t know my exact specs. That’s why he was a little more anxious about going straight to the 4th floor. He not realizing how valuable his Number’s Item, the ‘Guardian’s Wristguard’, is also played a role.
"Hicroad, once we enter the Witch’s Forest, don’t hold back on using ‘that’."
At my advice, the dwarf showed a moment of hesitation before nodding resolutely.
"I’ll do as you say."
The No. 3112 Guardian’s Wristguard is a high-grade piece of equipment worth a whopping 50 million stones. And, as the saying goes, you can’t blame someone for being greedy. The dwarf had asked me not to tell the other team members about his possession of this treasure.
‘But there’s no point in having it if you can’t use it when you need it.’
It’s not like I’m the owner anyway.
Just a moment ago, we were even filming a melodrama about relying on each other!
"What’s ‘that’? What is it? Why are you two whispering?"
"You’ll know when the time comes."
I ignored Misha’s curiosity and conducted a final re-evaluation.
‘Tank line specs are good enough to handle a 6th grade monster. The problem is the damage dealer line….’
While the specs weren’t exactly lacking, I felt somewhat confident after the brief hunting session in the Orc settlement. With a solid front line, this team should be able to handle a 6th grade monster without too much danger.
‘As long as they don’t suddenly die from a troll attack from behind.’
There were so many NPCs like that in the game. I hope these guys aren’t like that…
‘Oh gosh, I’m suddenly worried again!’
Unlike my late worries, Misha had a slightly flushed face.
"It’s been a while since I went to the 4th floor, so I’m a little excited!"
Apparently, this was her first return to the 4th floor since her team disbanded a year ago…
But is it because she’s a feline? It even seems like she’s purring when she breathes.
"We should start scouting for a place to camp."
As we continued along the outskirts of the Orc settlement, the time to rest arrived.
"Lotmiller, everyone seems to have energy left. How about we move a little further?"
"We’d need to travel for at least three hours to find a better spot than this."
"Hmm, in that case, I understand."
For reference, it was around 9:00 PM at this time, nearly coinciding with our camping time on the 1st and 2nd days. Honestly, it was quite impressive.
‘Is this what it means to be a skilled explorer?’
Lotmiller would have considered camping points based on our route and adjusted our travel speed accordingly. Even in the Labyrinth, where there’s no day or night, it’s better to take a break at consistent times.
"Lotmiller, what are our plans for tomorrow?"
"We should reach the Witch’s Forest by lunchtime tomorrow."
Hmm, so entering the 4th floor will be the day after tomorrow. Without any buffering, his answers come out flawlessly, a true human navigation system.
"Bjorn, you’re the night shift, right? You’ll be quite busy once we enter the forest tomorrow, so rest well tonight."
"I will."
The dwarf has the first shift, and I have the night shift. This was decided regardless of the shift order, as the Witch’s Forest is the toughest place for close-combat fighters.
Well, I’ll probably wake up a couple of times while sleeping anyway.
***
"Bjorn."
I opened my eyes, hearing a whisper. Lotmiller’s face was visible in the flickering torchlight. 
He’s the one before me, so…
“…Is it my turn now?"
"Not yet."
"But why…."
I was rubbing my sleepy eyes when I froze. Dwalki, the dwarf, and Misha were all awake, without me. And they were armed.
I asked briefly.
"A monster?"
"Both."
A monster and an explorer… I was about to ask how far they were when a frantic cry reached us from the darkness.
"Damn! They followed us this far…"
"Run!"
Based on the situation, it sounded like explorers being chased by a monster…
Lotmiller closed his eyes, sniffing, and then muttered briefly.
"Now I’m sure."
"What are you talking about?"
When this guy makes that kind of face, it usually means something’s up, so I unconsciously got anxious.
And sure enough.
"It’s those who were at the Iron Rock Cliff when we arrived. They’re definitely coming for us."
This is getting interesting. 