Part(text=Episode 535 Rainbow (2)

From 1st grade to 9th grade. 

Thanks to the unique characteristic of the "rainy season," monsters of all kinds appeared on this island. The village headman had spent what seemed like an eternity on this island.

In other words, it meant unlimited farming was possible. 

However…

"They can't all be high-grade essences, right?" 

What kind of game was [Dungeon & Stone]?

It was a game where you had to steadily collect lower essences and grow in order to farm higher-level essences.

There were bound to be lower-grade essences mixed in for each level bracket. It wasn't like there was a priest on this island who could erase essences.

However, the problem was…

"The highest level was 1st grade, so it was too high?" 

From here on, it depended on the village headman's capabilities. 

If he had recklessly consumed the initial essences and then plastered himself with high-ranking essences later, he would only be a weakling with obvious limitations… 

"His weaknesses would be obvious too."

Of course, the opposite was also true.

If, like the [Gigantification] I possessed, he had filled his lower essences with essences that could be used later on, even if they were low-grade… 

"Hmm, would that make a big difference?" 

It would just be a little more troublesome to find weaknesses.

That was all there was to it, no matter how much he thought about it. 

There were no invincible characters in [Dungeon & Stone]. 

"Well, except for my shield barbarian." 

Anyway, which one was the village headman? 

Thoroughly, he observed every action and effect for the purpose of exploration.

What had been confirmed so far was Tol-La Pupa's [Cosmic Protection]. 

And… 

"One movement skill, for now."

The moment they stood facing each other, weapons drawn, the village headman's body split in two and moved as if it were dividing.

As if the frame of the screen overlapped due to lag while playing a game.

Thud-! 

However, because he was deliberately observing, he was able to quickly synthesize the information he had visually confirmed.

Steam rising from the footprints.

His body, wrapped in electricity.

And…

Boom—

Up to the yellow wave emanating from the point of arrival.

"It's [Lightning Step]."

The skill's grade was 2. 

However, it was an ambiguous skill to classify as a pure movement skill. While it was characterized by quick dashes like blinking…

Zzzzt-! 

It spread an area of effect attack that could inflict "paralysis," centered on the point of arrival.

Whooosh-! 

A drastic increase in movement speed. 

And…

“Ugh…!”

“B-Block… Huh?”

He could even gain a temporary damage immunity bonus.

Just like this. 

Woosh-!

One of the nearby melee dealers panicked and swung their weapon, but it passed right through the village headman's body.

"Is he going for Erwin?"

Ah, that creepy old geezer. 

He really wanted to keep us in this village by any means necessary. 

Of course, there was no intention of leaving him be.

"[Lightning Step] has two conditions for immunity release." 

The first was to land the first hit. 

That's probably why the village headman was ignoring all the other explorers and charging straight towards Erwin.

The second was…

"3 seconds." 

It was to wait for the 3-second duration to pass. 

Of course, 3 seconds seemed like enough time to hold a knife to Erwin's throat. 

"Well, it wouldn't do him any good anyway."

Even as the village headman rushed toward Erwin with burning eyes, his heart remained calm. 

After all, he was currently in a state of "concentration." 

「Absorbs all damage taken while concentrating using Soul Power.」

Erwin in that state was invincible. 

However…

"Right now, we're in the middle of investigating you."

As much as it was a core ability with the potential to be used as a trump card someday, there was no reason to show this card yet.

Therefore… 

「The character has cast [Eye of the Storm].」

「By the power of the Transcendent Being, the abilities inherent in this skill are unlocked.」

He cast [Eye of the Storm] in conjunction with [Transcendence]. 

Coincidentally, this could counter that skill.

After all…

"It's damage immunity, not CC immunity."

For the record, [Eye of the Storm] didn't deal damage. 

It wasn't a projectile either.

Shhhwooooosh-! 

Soon, a whirlwind blew towards me, carrying the village headman running towards Erwin in the same posture, sending him flying towards me.

And at the same time… 

Zzzzt-!

As if the 3 seconds were up, an electric wave spread out from around the village headman.

It also meant that his damage immunity had ended.

Since he had already used [Transcendence], he used it one more time and cast [Swing].

「Strike range increased by 300%.」

Like a magic staff, the hammer extended and slammed into the village headman's body. 

However, the village headman's body defied the laws of physics. 

Far from flying away, the village headman's body, caught by the hammer, was swept up by the whirlwind blowing towards me.

"It's been a while since I used this combo."

He gently adjusted the trajectory of the hammer.

And like riding an amusement park ride, he swung the village headman around in a large circle on the hammer, before… 

Kwaaang-!

He slammed him straight into the ground on the opposite side. 

Not only had he been grabbed, but he was now even further away because of it…

“….!”

The village headman, crashing into the ground, coughed up blood. 

Even if his regeneration was high and he would recover quickly.

He was quite shocked for the moment, his movements sluggish as he tried to get up. 

“Right, there was that.”

“Oh, did you hear it from someone? I don't remember telling you.” 

“…”

The village headman didn't answer.

He just glanced past me at Erwin, who was far away. 

Tsk, still hadn't given up, had he?

“Give it up.”

“…”

“You’ll never get there.”

“You mean before I defeat you?” 

“Yes-!”

He was about to answer “Yes.”

The village headman's figure disappeared from sight.

By the time he found the village headman's body again with his lackluster Dexterity stat, the village headman was already in close range, ready to swing his sword.

Kwaaang-! 

He barely managed to raise his shield in time to block the sword strike. 

Through the sensation of fighting with a shield every day, he could tell right away.

The damage dealt to the shield had increased considerably. 

Before, it was just a scratch.

"This feels almost like a dent." 

Of course, he didn't question this phenomenon.

It wasn't that the village headman had used another skill, but rather that he had become weaker. 

「[Transcendence] has a 1-minute cooldown before returning to its inactive state.」

The sword resistance of his passive skill, [Evolved Skin], was 50%. 

It became 75% only when he used [Ironclad].

On top of that, if the passive effect was increased by 1.5 times due to the effect of [Transcendence], it would be practically immune… 

Very unfortunately, there was a limit to sword resistance.

The maximum sword resistance any character could have was 85%.

In other words, for the next minute, 85% had been reduced to 75%.

"In other words, what used to come in at 15% would now come in at 25%."

Although it was a 10% difference in simple calculation, the actual increase in damage felt was almost double.

Kwaaang-! 

As he continued to block the sword that the village headman was fiercely swinging, reinforcements arrived from behind.

“I’ll help too, from now on.”

“Ah! Ah! Me too…!” 

“… Me too! Me too!” 

Amelia, Misha, and Einar, our clan's melee squad.

"Be careful. He’s no pushover.”

He was a little worried, but he didn't back down and continued the fight alongside them. 

There were some things you couldn't figure out just by getting beaten up. 

「Amelia Rainwales has cast [Abyssal Strength].」 

「Misha Carlstein has cast [Glacial Soul].」 

「Einar Frelin has cast [Bestial Control].」 

He was the main tank, and the three melee siblings used him as a wall, swinging their weapons as if walking a tightrope. 

In the process, the village headman's new essence was revealed.

Rumble-! 

A dark fog spread out from the village headman, releasing electricity.

[Thundercloud]

A 2nd-grade skill that dealt widespread burst damage around the caster, with its cooldown decreasing proportionally to the number of hits landed.

"… Ugh…!"

Still, only four people, including him, had been hit by the lightning, so the cooldown shouldn't have decreased too much. 

However…

"The cooldown for [Lightning Step] must be back up." 

“Everyone, spread out as far as you can!” 

As soon as he finished his judgment, he hurriedly pulled back the three melee siblings. 

As expected.

Thud-!

The village headman's body, dashing forward once, became enveloped in electricity, entering a state of damage immunity.

And this time, the old geezer's target was… 

“Einar!!” 

It was impossible to block with a grab because of the close distance.

However…

「Einar Frelin has cast [Cower].」

「All resistance increased by 2000% for 3 minutes.」

「Natural regeneration increased by 2000% for 3 minutes.」

Right, there was that.

「All resistance increased by 2000% for 3 minutes.」

The shining sword slashed down on Einar's torso, carving a wound deep enough to expose bone. 

However, as long as it wasn't an instant kill, there was no problem.

「Natural regeneration increased by 2000% for 3 minutes.」

The true value of [Cower] was in its regeneration.

"Well, I guess one person's out of commission…” 

Einar was out of the fight after only a few seconds.

However, there were gains.

"I'm starting to get a sense of his concept.” 

The village headman was a lightning swordsman. 

It was clear from the [Lightning Step], but the [Thundercloud] he just used confirmed it. [Thundercloud] was fine to use as a general skill, but the passive it came with was a different story. 

[Conductor].

A passive skill that granted stacks when using lightning-type skills, providing additional bonuses to all lightning-type skills. 

Anyway, figuring this out was quite important.

If the village headman was a lightning swordsman, he could make a good guess about that glowing sword. 

"It must be [Supercharge]." 

A Transformation Ability categorized as a weapon enchantment skill, like [Abyssal Strength].

The unique point was that while it received synergy with lightning, the damage itself was dealt as physical damage…

One thing led to another.

New information was added once again.

"If he took [Supercharge], he must have that passive as well…"

It was as good as figuring out four essences already. 

"How come there are already four essences that are 2nd grade or higher?"

Was there a way to erase essences? 

The average grade level was much higher than expected.

However, to give a midterm score based on what he knew… 

"5 points.” 

Ah, of course, out of 10.

He had a lightning-based concept going, but the synergy didn't seem particularly good.

"Well, even just [Thundercloud], there are so many skills he could combo with to make it broken…" 

Well, still, thanks to the high-grade essences, the value itself was incredibly high. But he hoped that the remaining essences would also be high-grade essences.

A character with an unbalanced build had that many more weaknesses. 

"Okay, let's call it a day…"

However,

Just as he was counting down the last seconds in his head. 

Whooosh-!

The whole world was bathed in light as a tremendous roar erupted.

Simultaneously, Bersil, who had been in the back, announced the good news to everyone. 

“…I-It’s done! The entrance is really open!” 

It was time to leave this dreadful village. 

***

The burning village, the shattered village entrance.

And the village square, emptied as the explorers streamed out. The village warriors gathered behind the village headman as he watched.

[Village Headman, the fire in the village has been extinguished.] 

The warriors reported the extent of the damage to the village, the number of casualties, but the village headman’s expression remained unchanged as he listened. 

Of course.

Nothing really changed just because a few of these monsters died. 

There was only one thing that mattered to the village headman at the moment.

"I don't understand how he figured it out."

Bjorn Yandel.

The most famous explorer of this era and the chieftain of the barbarian tribe, one of the Six Great Races.

And a baron of the kingdom. 

“…If only I had a little more time.” 

Like a mighty mountain gradually eroded by the wind, a ripple spread through his emotions, dulled by the passage of time.

It was regret.

But he quickly brushed aside this rare human emotion.

[Village Headman, we will assemble a pursuit team.] 

[No need.]

[… Pardon? But…] 

[We need to focus on restoring the village for now. He is… safe, correct?] 

[Yes. As you have just confirmed, he is safe.] 

Right, then that was enough. 

Nothing had changed yet.

Things had just become a little more troublesome, that was all. 

The village headman closed his eyes and recalled the barbarian he had just fought so fiercely against. 

"Bjorn Yandel…" 

He was a beast of a man in many ways.

In some aspects, even more so than the monsters of this village. 

“He’ll be even stronger when I see him again.” 

However, a single emotion flickered faintly in the village headman's eyes as he muttered to himself.

It was the emotion of joy. 
)