Part(text=Chapter 536: Rainbow (3)

Five days into the rainy season.

We had escaped the village on our own and made it back to dry land.

[Grooooowl—!]
[Kee-eeeeeek!]
[…Kuhung! Kung! Kuh-kung!]

As expected, the situation above was beyond chaotic.

Monsters were swarming everywhere, clashing with each other in a frenzy of blood and gore. However, there was a distinct difference compared to the first day of the rainy season.

Crack—!

Monsters were still falling from the sky, but…

“…The number has decreased significantly.”

In fact, "decreased" was an understatement.

Compared to the first day, the number was practically negligible.

It was like the difference between a 100mm downpour and a mere 1mm drizzle.

“That damn village chief.”

There was no way he didn't know about this.

He definitely knew but chose not to tell me.

‘The more dangerous the rainy season, the more reliant we’d be on the village, and the longer he could keep us trapped.’

I felt disgusted by his manipulation, but I pushed those thoughts aside for the moment.

As the leader responsible for the lives of dozens, my current priority lay elsewhere.

‘Fortunately… the village chief didn't follow us.’

Whatever schemes he had up his sleeve, they were of little concern for now.

Therefore…

“Formation for movement!”

After quickly issuing the order…

“We're getting off this island, now!”

I set a clear objective for the team and took the lead. And…

“Behe—laaaaaaaaargh!!”

I blocked a monster's fangs with my shield and smashed its jaw with my hammer, clearing a path forward.

Simultaneously…

“Mages, collect as many magic stones as you can!”

I issued a new directive.

It would be a waste to leave them, wouldn’t it?

Magic stones were scattered everywhere. It would be unbecoming of an explorer to just walk past them. Well, in the past, I had to be mindful of that village chief bastard, but…

‘No need for that anymore.’

I realized once again that wielding a hammer had its benefits in social situations.

Especially when it came to clearly defining relationships.

Shwaaaaaaaa—!

The mages continuously cast looting spells, gathering the mountain of magic stones. Their contribution to the battle against the monsters might have decreased, but it wasn’t a significant problem.

Thanks to the reduced number of monsters falling from the sky, we had more breathing room.

‘At this rate… it might even be possible to get through this without any casualties.’

As someone who had braced for the worst, this situation brought me immense relief.

From the most dangerous position at the front, I continued to wrestle with the most formidable monsters, forging a path ahead.

About 10 minutes passed like that.

「Steel Spirit slain. EXP +6」
「Baphomet slain.」
「Anikon slain. EXP +6」
「Mud Golem slain.」
「Celestial Tree slain. EXP +5」
「Daekion slai…」
「….」

As I was relentlessly taking down a variety of monsters, good news arrived from Einar.

“Ohhh! My soul! My soul! It is overflowing with power!!”

Einar, who I thought might be close, finally leveled up.

“With this, I am even stronger than before!!”

To say he had become stronger… well, for now, it just meant his soul power had increased…

Still, it was significant news.

Thanks to consuming the Hiphra Lament’s essence, an additional slot had opened up in his full essence inventory.

‘It seems like the Hex Clan and Armin Exploration Team are also leveling up in real-time.’

Overall, the essence slots had increased from +1 to +2.

I made a special decision.

“L-Lord Baron! I found a 4th-grade essence…”

“From now on, anyone can take any essence that drops! I won't interfere with anything below 3rd-grade!”

It was a shame to abandon our established distribution ratio, but in reality, there wasn't much to lose.

We didn’t even have the time to store them in test tubes at the moment anyway.

Any increase in our overall strength was a welcome change.

“Waaaaaaaah!!”

This decision had a significant impact on the explorers’ morale.

Just like a half-empty glass of water could be seen from different perspectives…

Instead of seeing the onslaught of monsters as a crisis, they began to view it as an opportunity…

‘Not bad.’

A positive atmosphere was always a good thing.

However, a good mood alone couldn't overcome all adversity.

[Kee-oh-oh-oh-oh—!]

A gigantic bird screeched in the distance, blocking our path.

Well, calling it a bird felt insufficient.

Thud—!

Ha, I knew things were going too smoothly.

‘…So it won't let us off so easily.’

I exhaled slowly, closing and opening my eyes.

Unfortunately, nothing had changed.

I wished I had been mistaken, but…

Pure white feathers and wide-spread wings.

A draconian body with a long, giraffe-like neck.

And at the end of that neck…

A face with human-like features.

It was such a well-known monster that fear overshadowed any disgust at its grotesque appearance.

“I-It's a Harpy…!”

A 2nd-grade flying-type, Harpy.

This was the first hurdle in our escape from the island.

***

Landing on the ground after swooping down from the sky, it glanced at us with its emotionless eyes, the corners of which curved upwards in an unnaturally long arc.

[Ki-hi-hi-hi-hi.]

Ugh, seriously, why did [Dungeon & Stone] have so many monsters with such horrifying appearances?

The disgust was completely different from the Corpse Golem.

If I hadn’t built up a tolerance from encountering and battling countless monsters, I would have shuddered at the sight of its face.

Before I could even issue an order…

“Mages! Defensive barrier!”

Even in this city, explorers with experience fighting 2nd-grade and above monsters were rare.

But I had slain countless such creatures.

Even if it was just within a game.

I had the experience to make judgments the moment I faced them.

Whooong—!

As the mages swiftly conjured a translucent barrier over our heads like an umbrella…

The Harpy's sclera turned black.

And…

「Harpy has cast [Song of the Apocalypse].」

Pillars of bright yellow light rained down from the sky.

Countless numbers of them.

Boom! Boooom!  Boooom—!

Like divine punishment from an angry heaven, the pillars of light bombarded the area for 10 seconds, obliterating everything in their wake.

Despite the flashy effects, the damage itself wasn't high enough to break through the barrier.

However…

[Ki-hi-hi-hi—!]

From the spots where the pillars of light had struck, baby Harpies rose to their feet.

A type of token summon…

“What are you waiting for! Take care of those first!”

It was a race against time.

Those baby Harpies would be fully grown and using their skills in just one minute.

Theoretically, their numbers could increase infinitely.

If those things started casting [Song of the Apocalypse], then it would be truly game over—

“Yandell, give the order!”

Ah, right, this wasn’t the time to be lost in thought.

“Erwin…”

I caught myself about to call for Erwin out of habit and quickly shut my mouth.

He was currently in a recharged state.

Having exhausted all his MP while escaping the village, he couldn’t participate in combat for now.

However…

‘…Since when did I become solely reliant on Erwin?’

If you don't have teeth, you gnaw with your jawbone. That’s the barbarian spirit.

“Amelia, Misha! You two, follow me! Einar, you protect the main force… Bersil! You’re in charge of rear support. Assess and act as you see fit!”

As I dashed forward, Amelia and Misha followed closely behind.

Amelia on the right, Misha on the left.

‘Oh, wait a minute.’

This position…?

“Yandell, let me make this clear.”

“…Huh?”

“If you try that again… I will kill you.”

Tsk, I guess it wasn’t going to work.

“…It won’t happen again.”

“I… I’m okay with it, but…”

Regardless of Misha’s permission, I couldn’t force a fusion when the other party was so vehemently against it.

Besides, she wasn’t as overwhelmingly large as Hiphra Lament, so I lacked a good excuse.

Thud—!

She was about the same height as me when I used [Gigantification] with [Transcendence].

Judging by the way she was staring at me, as if love at first sight, I had successfully grabbed her attention…

“Behelaaaaaaaaargh!”

I charged forward, ramming my shield into the Harpy.

[Kee-ya-ya-yaak—!]

The Harpy staggered under the weight of my body slam.

Seizing the opportunity, Misha and Amelia scattered to its sides, unleashing a barrage of attacks focused on its lower body.

And at that moment…

Flash—!

Light erupted from the Harpy's blackened eyes.

「Harpy has cast [Mark of Ruin].」

As expected, it targeted me.

Burning—!

A searing pain shot through my chest, as if my heart was ablaze.

「Your character’s HP will decrease by 1% every second.」

So, theoretically, I had 100 seconds to live?

‘It’s such a ridiculous skill, no matter how many times I think about it.’

[Mark of Ruin].

This single-target ‘curse’ skill couldn’t be dodged or blocked.

And it had no set duration.

Simply put, once afflicted, the curse lasted until either the caster or the target died…

The strategy to counter it was incredibly straightforward.

“Uwaaaaaaargh!!”

Endure, with the help of natural regeneration and the priest’s healing.

“Yandell! Are you alright?”

“Don’t mind me and just swing your sword!”

The Harpy itself was designed to be unbeatable in a prolonged fight.

Therefore, I focused on holding its aggro, creating an environment where the damage dealers could freely attack. It wasn’t long before the ranged attackers joined the fray, showering the Harpy with projectiles.

[Ki-hi-hi-hi…!]

As the battle raged, the Harpy began to unleash its other skills in rapid succession.

「Harpy has cast [Mimicry].」

The gigantic human face on its massive body transformed in an instant.

It was several times larger than the original, but it wasn’t difficult to recognize whose face it had copied.

“Oh! It’s Amelia! The monster turned into Amelia!”

[Mimicry].

The skill randomly copied and used a skill from one of the characters within range.

「Harpy has cast [Self-Replication].」

Are you kidding me…?

‘Of all the skills to copy, it had to be that one.’

“Oh! There are two… no, three Amelias!!!”

The boss monster had effectively doubled.

And immediately, the clone began to cast a spell.

「Harpy has cast [Song of the Apocalypse].」

Pillars of light rained down once more.

「Harpy has cast [Mark of Ruin].」

「Your character’s HP will decrease by 2% every second.」

Damn, two stacks already.

Could the priest handle it?

It was a pointless worry.

‘Why is it that bad news always travels in pairs?’

「Harpy has cast [Song of the Apocalypse].」

One of the fully grown baby Harpies finally cast its spell.

And with that…

「Harpy has cast [Mark of Ruin].」

「Your character’s HP will decrease by 3% every second.」

We were now at three stacks.

Ha… At this rate, even the priest wouldn’t be able to keep up.

While the situation was becoming dire, escape was impossible while afflicted by [Mark of Ruin].

There was only one answer.

“Die, already!!”

Embracing the spirit of Admiral Yi Sun-sin, I charged at the Harpy with everything I had.

「Character’s HP has fallen below 50%.」
「Passive skill [Hero’s Path] increases all resistance and defense stats.」

With time running out, I fought with even greater ferocity.

「Harpy has cast [Pathfinder].」
「Harpy has cast [Guardian Spirit].」

As the battle intensified, the Harpy also went berserk.

And then, after who knows how long…

「Character’s HP has fallen below 20%.」
「Passive skill [Hero’s Path] has reached its maximum potential, maximizing all resistance and defense stats.」

Just as I sensed the battle was about to reach its climax, regardless of who won…

Thud—!

Four new messages popped up.

To put it simply, there were two pieces of good news and two pieces of bad news…

Let’s start with the good news, which could be summarized succinctly.

「Harpy has been slain +EXP 8」

One, the Harpy was finally dead.

And…

「No.9999 Beginner’s Luck has been triggered.」

Two, it even dropped an essence.

The color of the essence was white.

‘[Mimicry].’

Although it couldn’t be used as a core essence like [Song of the Apocalypse], it was a decent essence with good versatility.

However, the bad news was…

“W-What!”

“A spear…? Why is there a spear all of a sudden…?”

It wasn’t us who had landed the final blow on the Harpy.

Thud—!

Emerging from the darkness, a figure gripped the enormous spear embedded in the Harpy's head.

It wasn't difficult to identify.

A relatively(?) small stature of around 3 meters.

A humanoid figure with smooth, rock-like skin.

“Tytanus…! It's a Tytanus!”

Another 2nd-grade monster.

That was the first piece of bad news.

And the second…

‘You’ve gotta be kidding me.’

It was the crimson spear held in the Tytanus's hand.

No.7 Mirayel’s Verdant Spear.

‘That thing… that thing is holding it…?’

Although it made no sense, my mind calmly accepted the reality before me.

「Mirayel, the Celestial Spear-Bearer, is enraged by the sight of mortals.」

It was a Rift Guardian.
)