“So, you’re saying they’re the same raiders from before?”
The dwarf’s question was met with a nod from Rothmiller. And with that, the situation became clear.
It was highly unlikely that the same individuals who had brazenly plundered on the third floor would be chased by monsters and coincidentally stumble upon us.
“Whoever they are, they’re definitely targeting us.”
“I don’t know the reason, but it’s likely they’re pretending to be chased while trying to insert themselves between us.”
Rothmiller, in agreement with me, added his own opinion.
I shared the same thought.
“Th, then what are we going to do?!”
What else are we going to do?
Thankfully, thanks to Rothmiller, we were able to catch their scheme early on.
“We should use this opportunity.”
“Use it, how?”
Misha tilted her head in confusion.
However, I didn’t have time to explain the details.
They must have arrived by now.
“Th, there! It’s a light!”
Simultaneously with a man’s shout, three blood-soaked men and women rushed into the range of our torches.
“If you lack confidence in acting, just watch quietly.”
Whispering, I met eyes with Rothmiller. He nodded slightly in response.
This old man and I understand each other well, indeed.
Even the dwarf, who had secretly worried, seemed to have understood what I meant.
Shall we begin?
“Don’t come any closer.”
Seeing them running towards us, I immediately raised my shield and stepped forward to block their path.
“H, hey! Our party was wiped out. Please help us! We’ll compensate you…!”
A desperate and urgent expression.
This old man is a good actor.
Of course, it’s to be expected of a raider.
“Put down your weapons.”
“B, but there are monsters behind us!”
The human man in his early thirties pointed behind him.
Beyond the reach of our torches, the Orc horde that had been chasing them was staring this way.
“W, whoosh!”
With the increased number of people, they couldn’t easily approach, but how long would that last?
So, please let us in.
It was obvious what this old man was trying to say, but what’s the solution?
“It’s your choice. Put down your weapons, or get out.”
I said it once again, stubbornly, and the answer didn’t come easily.
They must be pondering.
“…”
In a maze, weapons are the same as life.
They might even be internally suspecting that we've caught on.
But it doesn’t matter.
Whatever choice they make, we have nothing to lose.
“…Put them down.”
Having made a decision, the mustachioed man dropped his weapon, and the other two followed suit.
‘They’re choosing to be greedy.’
That choice was satisfactory, yet slightly worrisome. To risk this much to target us?
I couldn't even guess the reason.
“Alright, then come slowly in that state. As far apart as possible.”
“Th, there’s no need to go this far, is there? We just need help…,”
“If you want help, do as I say.”
“Understood.”
As they arrived one by one according to my instructions, Rothmiller approached them to check for hidden weapons.
“…There seems to be nothing threatening.”
“Right. Murad, you guard them.”
“Y, yes!”
The dwarf, his face stiff, nodded, then walked with his limbs straightened in a military manner.
A sigh almost escaped my lips, but…
Thankfully, based on their expressions, they didn't seem to notice anything strange about his behavior.
“W, whoosh…”
“Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh-!”
After entrusting the trio of raiders to the dwarf, I was keeping an eye on the Orcs, and soon enough, they turned and left.
Even the Orc bastards felt that fighting against this many of us was too risky.
‘Those monster bastards are cunning, every single one of them.’
Well, they’re nothing compared to humans.
In any case, avoiding unnecessary combat was good news for us.
With a new problem, dealing with the Orcs on top of everything else would be exhausting.
“Ugh, I thought I was going to die…,”
As soon as the Orc horde disappeared, the only woman among the three, let out a deflating sound as she collapsed to the ground.
However, did she come to her senses belatedly?
She touched the ground, then stood up with a startled expression, and politely bowed to us.
“Oh! I’m Elisa. Thank you for saving us!”
Was it because of the cleavage exposed by her torn top?
“C, cough. Hicurord Murad.”
The dwarf coughed and turned his head away.
He didn't seem to be acting innocent.
Even though his head was turned, his gaze was still fixed on one spot.
“It's Murad, is it? Then, what’s this gentleman's name?”
“Bjorn, son of Yandel.”
“Ah, I see!”
Elisa, the woman who introduced herself, approached me and grabbed my hand.
And once again, she bowed her head, just like before.
Of course, her cleavage was emphasized once again.
“Whew, I really owe my life to you! If I hadn’t met you, I don’t know what would have happened… Leathralas must have been watching over us!”
Her voice, with each rasping breath, was like a tickle in my ear.
Now that I look at it, she was the only one of the three whose top was particularly torn, as if it was intentional…
“Bjorn! Your eyes are shining with lust!”
Misha murmured, misunderstanding my true intentions.
However, I didn’t bother correcting her here.
There will be plenty of opportunities soon enough.
“State your names, one by one.”
In order to dispel suspicion from them, I began with a simple investigation.
The first to introduce himself was the mustachioed man, who was presumed to be the leader.
“Hans Argo.”
What?
“…Hans?”
“It’s a common name. There must be someone with the same name, right?”
“Ah, well, yes… that’s right.”
I nodded awkwardly.
Hans A was killed with his head crushed by my shield.
I haven't seen Hans B since I happened to get advice from him at a drinking party.
And Hans C, whom I’ve met today, this mustachioed man, is likely to follow in A's footsteps.
Anyway, let’s move on to the next one.
“I am Irita Teyson.”
The tall, blonde spearman, Teyson.
His age was estimated to be in his mid-twenties, and I couldn't find any particular characteristics.
If I had to pick one, he seemed to have good manners.
“We thought it was over, but thanks to you, we were able to escape. Thank you once again.”
As Teyson bowed 90 degrees, Elisa, with her natural, bubbly tone, exclaimed.
“It’s true! If it weren't for you, who knows what kind of situation we would have been in… It’s definitely Leathralas watching over us!”
“Leathralas?”
Rothmiller flinched at the single word.
Then, he cautiously spoke to Elisa.
“By any chance… that is, Elisa-san— ”
“Ah, I haven’t mentioned my last name yet. My name is Elisa Behenk. As you can see…,”
Elisa trailed off, checking her own attire and making a sad face.
Her originally white clothes, torn in various places and covered in sweat and dirt.
“…Even though you can see, I’m not wearing it? But, I do serve Leathralas!”
“Huh!”
“You really are a priestess.”
The dwarf only let out a short exclamation, but Rothmiller closed his eyes and briefly drew a holy sign in front of Elisa.
Wow, this old man can act.
“The star that rises at dusk shall guide us…”
“Yes, the star that rises at dusk shall guide us.”
Was he already convinced?
Elisa, too, brightly smiled, met his gaze, and drew the holy sign. And with that, the air of suspicion instantly faded.
Well, at least it seemed so to them.
‘We all know she can’t be a real priestess—’
“Elisa-san, would you mind taking a look at my wound?”
What?
“I’m sorry! I should have helped you first…,”
Could it be that she’s not an imposter, but a real priestess?
As I flinched at this unexpected turn of events, Hans C lifted his top and showed the stab wound.
Elisa then chanted a prayer, and her hand, which began to glow white, was placed over the wound.
But wait!
Whoooosh!
The wound actually healed instantly.
Even with my skeptical eyes observing everything, it was real divine power that I couldn't deny.
How can I be so sure, even though I’ve never seen it before?
Firstly, the sound of it healing was different from a potion, and just looking at Hans C's expression, it was evident.
There was no hint of pain, only a peaceful expression.
“The star that rises at dusk shall guide us…”
Was the unexpected turn of events the same for him as well?
Having been momentarily flustered, Rothmiller regained his senses and kept drawing the holy sign.
A reaction like a devout believer witnessing a miracle.
It seemed exaggerated to my eyes, but in reality, this would be a typical response, given the structure of the world.
Just like how other races grow up in sacred grounds, most human children learn to read and gain knowledge from temples from a young age.
The weight of the name ‘priestess’ is different.
“Oh! Then can I get my weapons back now?”
Elisa asked naturally.
It was as if she had just realized they were weaponless. Perhaps showing her divine power was a ploy to achieve this.
It was probably because of this that they chose to drop their weapons so decisively earlier.
But what can we do?
“That’s not possible.”
“Wh, what?”
Staring at her confused face, I acted naturally. Because there’s no need to reveal that we already know her true identity.
“I understand you’re a real priestess. So, what’s your point?”
I’m a barbarian who believes in ancestral spirits.
I’ve never received anything from priestesses, so there’s nothing wrong with my response.
Elisa, looking awkward, looked at Rothmiller and the dwarf, who were both human.
She seemed to be trying to appeal to them somehow…
But I firmly refused to budge.
“We’ll return your weapons after we receive compensation for this, and after they leave.”
“Com, compensation?”
“Why are you surprised? Whether you’re a priestess or not, you’re an explorer as long as you’ve entered the maze. You have to follow the custom.”
“Oh, yes… I’ve heard of that custom. Then… how much should I give you?”
I pretended to think for a moment before speaking.
“Around 2 million stones should be enough.”
“…Wh, what?”
Elisa asked back, as if she had misheard.
But I was confident.
“It’s not an unreasonable request, is it?”
Of course, this is quite reasonable.
I heard that the worst guys will even loot all their equipment after saving their lives.
“Don’t be upset about it. Think of it as the price of your life.”
“But… we don’t have that much money?”
I already knew that.
What explorer would carry cash when entering the maze?
The expected answer came, so it’s time to make my next move.
“I’m not asking for a discount. At least outside— ”
“No. I don’t trust words from those who aren't my own kind. If you don't have the money, pay in kind.”
“…In kind?”
“Well, the armor that man is wearing should be enough.”
I pointed at Hans C with my index finger, and Hans frowned. However, after exchanging glances with Elisa a few times, he let out a deep sigh.
“Whew, fine. Considering we’ve saved our lives with this much, it’s not a loss. But there’s a condition. We'll stay with you tonight until we regain our strength.”
“Fine.”
I readily nodded.
I see right through her intentions, but what’s the point of refusing? It’s not like it's a promise I’m really going to keep.
“Irita, would you mind helping me out?”
“Of course.”
With help from the spearman, Hans C took off his heavy armor and handed it to Rothmiller.
Good, I’ve stripped one bastard of his armor.
‘Looks like I’m going to be taking everything I can before starting…,’
“Now that we’ve settled the payment, will you return our weapons?”
I couldn’t hold back any longer and laughed cheerfully.
To be honest, I never expected things to go this smoothly…
“…Why are you laughing?”
Hans C looked at me and asked with a hardened face.
I didn’t bother responding.
Just like when Misha misunderstood my intentions, when she saw Elisa earlier, I wouldn’t be correcting her.
They’ll soon know without me saying anything.
“Uh, Yandel-san? If you ask for more, we’re going to be in trouble— ”
“Ah, that won’t happen.”
I answered, then slammed my mace against Elisa's head.
Bang-!
“El, Elisa-san!!!”
No matter what game it is, smashing the healer’s head first is the golden rule. 