Chapter 55: The Witch's Forest (2)
Her delicate features and voluptuous figure, coupled with a seductive voice, made Elissa the kind of woman most men would instantly find attractive. At least, that was the case until a second ago.
“E-Elissa!”
Hans C's eyes widened as the slender woman, barely reaching five feet tall, collapsed to the ground.
Thud.
A deep indentation marred her temple. Her eyeballs protruded unnaturally. Where her ear should have been, crimson blood spurted out like a water pistol. The lovely Elissa was gone. 
“You, what have you done…!” Hans C exclaimed, shocked by her gruesome appearance. “Why did you harm Elissa? What did we do…!”
Well, we haven’t done anything yet. Therefore, I simply replied, “Oh, my apologies. It was an accident.”
This mace is heavy, you see, and my hand slipped. Really. That’s all it was…
“Come closer for a moment. We need to talk about compensation for my mistake.”
“You, you crazy bastard!”
It didn’t work, did it? 
Well, he might be a little slow, but he seems to have figured out his fate.
“N-no…we’re all going to die…”
“I know. Good.”
I didn’t deny it anymore. But…
“Because of these crazy bastards…”
For a moment, I enjoyed his fear, but an indescribable sense of unease washed over me. I looked closer to see what was causing it. It was his gaze.
‘Why is he afraid of something other than us?’
I followed his gaze, turning my head. At the end of his line of sight was (former) Elissa. 
The unfortunate woman, stripped of her earthly beauty, now lay as a cold corpse.
Did she somehow sense my gaze?
“Geee, giee, giee…”
Elissa, who should have already gone to meet her maker, began to convulse, emitting strange noises. Her limbs contorted violently as if electrified, reminiscent of the jerky dance moves of zombies from the movies.
‘What the hell is going on here?’
I couldn’t make sense of it. 
When I smashed her skull, I distinctly felt the satisfying "one-shot, one-kill" impact. 
So why is she still writhing, making those terrifying sounds?
“Geee, giee, giee!”
“B-Björn? What is happening here?”
Don’t ask me, you little dwarf. I’m freaking out too.
I’ve woken up in this body and wrecked countless people, but I’ve never seen a corpse dance like that. I swear it on my ancestors.
But…
Click.
This habit of clenching my jaw when tense is proof that this body is that of a brave barbarian.
“…I will take care of it.”
“Take care of it?”
Instead of an answer, I charged forward, bringing my mace down. I aimed for Elissa’s face.
Whack!
Her skull, even softer than Dethspine’s, was crushed once more, causing the dwarf to faint.
“To, to desecrate a corpse, even if they are raiders—!”
Not proper? 
So what’s your point?
“I was too afraid to do anything else.”
“What? That's the kind of thing you’d do, a scaredy-cat like you—!”
I cut him off. I don’t know why I have to say this to multiple people, but…
“The best defense is a good offense.”
Of course.  
I’m scared, so I’m going to beat it into a pulp.
Protecting myself by mercilessly destroying my enemies. That’s the barbarian way.
‘Ah, now I understand.’
That’s why Einar feared the Banshee. You can’t beat a spectral monster. You need magic, not physical damage.
With a newfound realization, I checked on (former) Elissa again. I sighed in disappointment.
“Damn, she’s still dancing…”
Despite her face being completely mangled, Elissa continued to convulse, displaying a horrifying spectacle.
Magic damage is the only way to go, isn't it?
“Dwalki! Use magic!”
“But…”
But what, you little moron? 
You can’t talk to these guys nicely. They only listen to force.
“Do it!”
Simultaneously with my shout, Dwalki began chanting a magical incantation.
And at that moment…
“I, I can’t die!”
Hans C turned and ran.
A futile attempt.
He hadn’t even taken a few steps before a crossbow bolt from Rothmiller pierced his back.
Thwack!
Hans C collapsed, his back facing the world, in a pitiful display.
I muttered under my breath as I watched his wretched demise.
“Stupid bastard.”
If he’d at least worn some armor, he could have easily taken that arrow. 
Low intelligence always leads to bodily suffering.
I shifted my gaze to the last one remaining, the spearman Teyson.
“You not running away too?”
“There’s no point, anyway.”
His voice, filled with defeat, hinted at a similar sense of unease to that of Hans C.
It was at that moment.
Whoosh!
Black light erupted from Hans C’s body.
Frankly, I was terrified, so I quickly hid behind Dwalki. But nothing happened.
The light dissipated after five seconds. I straightened up and looked forward.
“What the hell?!”
I don’t know what kind of bizarre magic this is, but Hans C’s body, the source of the light, had transformed into something resembling a mummy. His body, completely dried out, lacked any life whatsoever.
Naturally, everyone’s eyes turned to Rothmiller, who had fired the crossbow.
“Rothmiller, what did you do…?”
“I, I didn't do anything! Really!”
I know, old man. This is probably related to (former) Elissa. Teyson was perfectly fine until she appeared.
The mage Dwalki hastily offered his opinion.
“The life force that was pulled from those two has been absorbed into that woman!”
Yeah, that’s basically it.
I’ve played too many games; I get the gist of it. 
I had a hunch about something too.
“Geee, giee, giee…”
Elissa rose from her place, contorting her joints in a dance. Her face was still half-crushed. Her lips parted.
“H-h-how, d-did, y-you, k-know?”
“Know what?”
“W-w-we, a-are, t-the, e-enemy.”
“Ah, that.”
Trying to remain calm despite my fear, I replied, “You guys all smell like rotten garbage.”
Was it a satisfactory answer? It seems so. Seeing half-headed Elissa laughing so heartily suggests as much.
“Hee, hee, hee, hee, hee, hee!”
Damn, why is my life so full of trouble? 
“…”
This situation mirrored the golem fight. Everyone was frozen, staring at this surreal scene. Just like then, I shouted to snap my team members out of their stupor. 
“Wake up, everyone!” 
We’re all going to die if we’re not careful!
***
I have played [Dungeon and Stone] for ten years.
It wasn’t a mainstream game, but I’ve always taken pride in knowing everything about it.
And that’s not false.
“Hee, hee, hee, hee, hee, hee!”
“W-what’s going on? How could a dead person…?”
The corpse has been resurrected.
But according to my knowledge, this isn’t a miracle brought about by the God of Exploration, Reathalas.  
Regardless of what those who serve him do, Reathalas is a god of good alignment.
I briefly stated my deduction.
“It’s a priest of Karui.”
A priest of the dark god, Karui. A hidden class available only to humans who start as priests and then choose to become priests.
They possess the advantage of wielding both divine power and dark magic, but the downside is equally significant.
“A priest of Karui!”
“That woman was a servant of the evil god!”
If you choose to become a priest of Karui, the moment your class is revealed, you’ll be dragged to execution. Therefore, you need to form a team with evil NPCs as subordinates and periodically offer living sacrifices to maintain your class.
‘That explains why they’re raiding. It’s safest to find sacrifices in the dungeon.’
This explains most of the events.
But one question remained. 
Why did they have to be us? Why did they persistently target us?
But I doubt I have time to ponder that now.
“B-because, o-of, y-you, I, l-lost, m-my, s-subordinates.”
Did she consume all the life force she absorbed from Hans C and Teyson? Elissa, regaining some of her original form, looked at me and spoke. Her speech seems to have improved since her brain healed. In other words, her intelligence has returned.
But…
‘What the hell is she talking about?’
Is it possible that intelligence and character are separate?
I replied tersely, “You still blame others in this situation? You must have had a terrible upbringing.”
“…Wha, what?”
Hans and Teyson, both young men, died tragically. All because of this woman. If she had simply accepted her shattered skull and fate, none of this would have happened.
I resolved myself.
“I will avenge Hans and Teyson.”
And I’ll take all their equipment and valuables.
It won’t be easy, but when was my life ever easy?
***
“Elissa Behenk has cast [Call of Death].”
“O-over there, look!”
The dwarf pointed. 
The mummified Hans C and Teyson were slowly getting up. I wasn’t surprised; I had played as a priest of Karui a few times.
‘Call of Death.’
A fundamental and core skill of this class. 
It typically summons undead monsters, but with a corpse as a medium, it can create stronger subordinates.
Those lifeless eyes are proof of their lack of reason. 
“Grrrr…”
Hans and Teyson, or ‘Hanson’ as they’ve become, turned their eyes toward us. Then…
“Destroy, the, enemies, my, servants!”
Following Elissa's orders, they charged at us.
Boom!
‘Hanson’s’ charge clashed against the shield wall formed by me and the dwarf, marking the start of the battle.
“Rioll Warve Dwalki has cast the 8th-level attack spell [Ice Spear].”
“Misha Kalstain has cast [Enhance].”
“The effect of subsequent active skills will be increased proportionally to your soul power.”
“Misha Kalstain has cast [Poisoning].”
While we held the front line, Misha and Dwalki unleashed their attacks. 
But none of it was landing.
They possess superhuman strength, and even with a mace, you can’t even scratch their high physical resistance. Their undead transformation gave them resistance to poison and cold.
We’re at a disadvantage.
Clang! Whoosh!
Rothmiller, with his vast experience fighting undead, threw flame bombs relentlessly. 
“Fools, you dare!”
“Elissa Behenk has cast [Dead Man’s Fire].”
Black flames erupted in the air and began absorbing nearby flames.
‘Damn.’
This is a problem. 
Fire, the element most antagonistic to undead after divine power, is useless against them.
‘So I have to destroy the core?’
Undead continue to live unless their core is destroyed, no matter how badly they’re mangled.
Skeletons have their core hidden between their ribs, Dethspine’s is in his brain. 
What about these creatures reborn by the dark god’s power?
The answer is simple.
“Misha, can you kill that woman?”
The core of a summoned monster is usually with the summoner.  
In other words, if we can kill Elissa, ‘Hanson’ will find peace and truly go to his maker.
“Hmm…”
“It’s okay if you can’t kill her. Even if you can just damage her, the situation will improve.”
“I’ll try.”
Misha nodded. Immediately, she stepped on my shoulder and leaped high, flying toward Elissa. Her movements were graceful and flexible enough to keep up with a fairy. However, she was facing a formidable opponent.
“Elissa Behenk has summoned [Shadow Guardians].”
Shadowy figures rose from the ground, completely surrounding Elissa. 
Even Misha would struggle to break through them and take Elissa’s head in a short amount of time. 
But…
‘We have no reason to rush.’
Unless ‘Hanson’ is wielding weapons, they aren’t a significant threat. We already confiscated their weapons, so they’re not really dangerous, even as undead. 
We can hold them off for as long as we need, just the dwarf and I.
I redistributed the troops.
“Dwalki, Rothmiller, you two help Misha.”
“But…”
“It’s fine. We’ll manage here.”
“Understood! Then, I’ll leave it to you!”
With Dwalki and Rothmiller joining the fray, the tide began to turn.
The Shadow Guardians regenerated every time they were destroyed, and they even cast curses at us, but…
“They’re losing their steam! Keep it up!”
The number of Shadow Guardians, which had been summoned constantly, began to decrease drastically. 
Even those who serve an evil god have limited resources.
Elissa, realizing the situation, began to tremble, frustrated.
However, her survival instincts remained intact. She gritted her teeth and muttered quietly.
“This, humiliation, I, will, not, forget…”
After twenty minutes of whittling down the Shadow Guardians, only five remained. 
I understood what she was trying to do and shouted urgently.
“What? Damn, no!”
We almost had her! Don’t you dare run!
I pushed Hanson aside, who had been stuck to me throughout the fight, and charged with all my might.
But…
“Elissa Behenk has cast [Spirit Transformation].”
Elissa’s body turned translucent and levitated. She glanced around at us, then…
“You, will, never, return, alive.”
She flew off into the darkness.
Whooooosh!
I stared at the direction she fled, like a dog chasing a chicken, and sighed heavily.
“Damn…”
The boss we almost had in the bag escaped. And she’s holding a grudge.
]]] 