Chapter 57, The Witch's Forest (4)
The curse that had been hanging around my neck like a string of beads vanished. But in its place, the cursed words echoed relentlessly in my ears.
[Die! Die! Die! Die! Die!]
"Yeah, I'm not dying."
[You have no mother!]
"Yeah, I have a mother in real life."
[Heeheehee! Heeheehee!]
I ignored the auditory hallucinations that echoed at intervals, a smile gracing my lips.
It was a bit annoying, sure, but what could I do about it? They were just hallucinations. No matter how much they cursed me, there was no real damage. In fact, the actual curses had vanished without a trace thanks to them.
'Those so-called mental attack lines are all so lame.'
If they were going to do it, they should do it right. No originality, no sincerity.
They might think differently, though.
"Bjorn! How can you just laugh at these insults? Have you gone crazy? My head aches from all the noise!"
Misha, the dwarf, and Rotmiller, the three who had already been to the Witch's Forest, were holding up relatively well. But Dwalki was a different story.
“…Ugh, uuuugh.”
His eyes were glazed, and his cheeks were pale. He looked as if he was about to throw up.
In this environment, he’d probably be getting seasick.
'I didn't expect it to feel like this. It’s fascinating.'
The effects of [Hallucination] and [Directionally Challenged] made everything look distorted. I’d look to my right and see what I’d previously seen straight ahead. Distances seemed blurry too. It was like looking at the world through a convex mirror.
"Wok, weeek!"
Finally, Dwalki couldn't hold it back and vomited up a thick stream of stomach acid.
I felt a pang of worry and asked, "Can you cast magic in this state?"
"Bjorn, you’re such a meanie! Your teammate is suffering, and that’s what matters!"
What’s with her?
She’d told him to grow up last time he threw up.
Ugh, this is why you should avoid getting attached to people. It makes you unable to make rational decisions.
"Misha, I didn't ask you. So Dwalki, what’s your answer?"
"I, I assure you, you, you don’t need to worry. Magic is no problem… uweeek!"
Well, I’d have to assume he couldn’t use magic until he adjusted.
Are mages so weak-stomached?
I clicked my tongue in disbelief at his behavior. Rotmiller looked at me curiously.
"Still impressive, though. Even the most mentally strong barbarian would find it difficult to handle their first time in this place…"
Well, I’d heard that.
But it had been so hard earlier, you know.
I laughed it off. Sure enough, the dwarf, ever the loyal friend, stepped forward to support the suffering Dwalki.
"Tsk tsk, staying glued to your desk all the time, eh? That’s what makes your body so weak."
"I, for one, am actually rather active for a mage—"
"Enough. Take a break for now until you adjust. You didn’t get much sleep last night, did you? You’re probably feeling even worse because you’re tired."
"Your consideration… I won’t forget it."
In the end, we decided to stay at the entrance for a while until Dwalki got used to the environment.
I didn’t object much. In this place, the presence or absence of a mage was crucial. Besides, I needed to replenish my drained energy a bit.
"I’ll take first watch. The rest of you rest up."
As soon as the dwarf finished speaking, I collapsed onto the ground. I didn't even feel like taking out my sleeping bag.
But what was this?
"Bjorn, listen…."
The dwarf approached me stealthily, whispering as I was trying to catch some sleep.
"About that Elisa girl earlier—"
I woke up instantly. What was he talking about?
"Not Elisa girl, that wench."
"Uh, yeah, yeah, that wench. I was thinking, she looks familiar…."
What?
I thought he was just talking nonsense as usual, but this seemed like something important.
I sat up straight and listened intently. The dwarf hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth.
"You know how you advised me to go to the guild to upgrade my adventurer rank? When I filled out the application, someone was asking me various questions next to me."
"Get to the point. I’m tired."
"Looking back now, I think it might have been her."
Ugh, finally, some concision.
I had a few questions, though.
"Why didn’t you recognize her right away?"
"Well… she looked a lot dirtier than she did in the city. Oh, oh, her clothes were ripped and torn!"
Ah, he was so focused on her chest that he hadn’t really gotten a good look at her face.
At least that cleared up one mystery.
Why had Elisa’s group targeted us?
'It was all because of that item.'
No.3112 Guardian’s Wrist Guard.
A ridiculously expensive Number item that sold for 50 million stones at the Exchange. It was on the application for the rank upgrade, so that would have been mentioned too.
It was more than enough motivation for a band of raiders. More money is always better.
'So I’ve been a target since then….'
New information flooded my mind, painting a picture of events I had been unaware of.
We usually had our team meetings at taverns. It wouldn’t have been hard for them to figure out that we were using the beast den route.
It would’ve even been possible for them to set a trap first.
"Ugh, they say treasures bring misfortune. That saying couldn’t be more true, could it?"
The dwarf sighed deeply.
It seemed as if he was looking for sympathy, but sadly, he’d picked the wrong person.
Treasures bringing misfortune, my ass.
"Don’t blame it on the wrong thing. It’s your fault for showing everyone your application."
"Now, now, you’re blaming me! You were there too, weren’t you!"
But even so, I hadn’t expected him to want me to pay attention to something like that.
The dwarf’s mouth shut tight, as if he’d been struck dumb.
'Ugh….'
I didn’t bother saying anything else.
It was already in the past anyway.
I’d rather just rest while I had the chance.
***
The break wasn’t long.
I’d just closed my eyes for a moment.
We were roused from our short slumber by the appearance of a monster, less than 30 minutes later.
Well, I shouldn’t say “we.”
"You sleep well, you know."
"How can you sleep with that noise?"
It seemed that only I had slept soundly enough to dream…
They were just stuffed.
"Alright, where’s the monster?"
"Over there."
The dwarf pointed, and I saw a winged humanoid.
It was the size of my hand, by the way.
"A Fairy."
A 9th-grade monster, Fairy.
Its only skill was releasing a poisonous powder mixed with narcotic substances. In the game, it was a non-aggressive mob.
However…
"It’s going to be a pain right from the start."
Seeing so many Fairies gathered in one place meant that he was nearby.
"Going to fight?"
"It’s not something we can take lightly. Dwalki, you seem to be feeling better now."
We were going to fight.
Not bad.
For me, it meant an opportunity to gather EXP from a monster I hadn’t fought yet.
And maybe, just maybe, there’d be a Soul Essence.
Not that I needed it now, but it was a valuable essence. Whoever got it, it would fetch a high price.
"Alright, if everyone’s ready, we’ll go get them."
We quickly prepared for battle. The dwarf took up his battle hammer and struck a pose.
Then he used his signature combo.
[Hikurod Murad casts [Lightning]]
[Hikurod Murad casts [Discharge]]
Lightning Discharge, his famous move.
He swung his hammer, and lightning shot out in the form of cannonballs.
And they effortlessly shattered the Fairies, who were immune to physical damage.
[Fairy defeated. EXP +1]
I envied him for that one thing.
If only I had a elemental damage skill like that.
"Keeeeeek-!!"
As soon as dozens of Fairies exploded, a chilling sound echoed from afar.
It sounded like hundreds of beasts were roaring in fury.
Soon, the creature emerged from the darkness.
Its heavy footsteps echoed in accordance with its massive frame.
Kuuung-!
A 7th-grade monster, Half-Troll.
As its name suggested, it was a hybrid of a human and a troll, not an actual troll.
This monster only appeared in the Witch’s Forest, and it had a habit of stalking groups of Fairies.
Unfortunately, I don’t know why.
No matter how hard I looked, that setting wasn’t in the game anywhere.
Anyway, enough about that.
"Grruuur…."
The 2.5-meter-tall creature lowered itself defensively, staring at us.
But like any self-respecting monster, its patience was short-lived.
"Kaaak-!!"
The Half-Troll swung its massive club at us, the group that had just massacred its beloved Fairies.
Of all people, it was swinging at me.
Kuuung!
It was heavy. Heavier than the ‘Iron Giant’ from the Steel Rock Hill.
Well, even though they were both 7th-grade monsters, the Iron Giant was a social creature, so that made sense.
It had been a while since my arm had felt this sore.
Srrrruuk.
I tilted my shield slightly and sent the Half-Troll’s club flying off to the side.
Naturally, the aggro switched from me to the dwarf.
This was a tip you could only use when there were two tanks on the team.
I’d feel too sorry for myself if I were the only one suffering, wouldn’t I?
Sharing the burden is what makes you teammates, after all.
"Kaaak-!!"
A second club swung out, accompanied by a roar.
The dwarf blocked it with his tiny shield, letting out a small groan as if his bones were aching.
That’s when I realized something else.
“Krrreuk….”
Ah, he has no Pain Resistance.
It’s one of the biggest reasons why the Witch’s Forest is so avoided by Warriors.
Warriors spend their days getting beaten up on the front lines. But in this place, their pain is amplified several times due to [Pain Amplification].
‘And the monsters that appear here are more than half immune to physical attacks, and they even use mental skills…’
Rotmiller hadn’t tried to give the dwarf and me first watch for no reason.
In the Witch’s Forest, Warriors inevitably ended up doing all the dirty work.
I, with my Pain Resistance stat, could just take it in stride.
‘Turns out Pain Resistance is insanely broken.’
I guess life really is unpredictable.
The Soul Essence of the Corpse Golem I’d absorbed by chance was constantly proving to be incredibly helpful.
Huung-!
The Half-Troll swung its club again.
And unlike me, the dwarf, who had bravely engaged in a test of strength, yelled out.
"Any magic yet?"
Not yet.
You know, he’s slow when it comes to casting spells.
“Behel—laaaah!!”
The dwarf was looking pretty beat up, so I decided to lend a hand and hit the Half-Troll with my mace.
Of course, it didn’t do much.
Puk!
The sturdy bones and muscles didn’t even flinch at the blow of my mace. And, even though it was only half, it was still a troll.
Its regenerative ability was insane.
It wasn’t as good as a vampire’s, though.
[Reol Wuv Dwalki casts 8th-grade auxiliary magic [Ice Enhancement]]
[The power of your next ice spell will be significantly increased]
[Reol Wuv Dwalki casts 8th-grade offensive magic [Ice Spear]]
We were busy passing the aggro back and forth, when Dwalki’s magic spell finally finished.
Dwalki’s signature move.
Reinforced Ice Spear.
Pishuuuut-!
An ice spear twice the normal size shot out and pierced the Half-Troll’s abdomen.
In terms of sheer power, no one on our team could match his output.
But it was agonizing to watch.
‘When will he ever get any sense?’
I’d given him advice last time too, but he still stuck it in a stupid place. If he’d hit the heart or head, it could have been a one-hit kill.
Why so wasteful?
Is aiming that hard?
“Kieeek-!!!!”
The Half-Troll screamed in pain as it struggled.
Of course, it didn’t last long.
[Half-Troll casts [Frenzy]]
[Temporarily eliminates pain and greatly increases physical stats]
Even with a spear sticking out of its gut, it began to move more vigorously, like a fish pulled from water.
Ugh, we should’ve finished it off in one shot.
‘…Maybe he’ll get better eventually?’
I sincerely hoped so.
Otherwise, there’s no point in going through all this trial and error.
"Aang! You missed by a bit!"
Misha tried to stab the Half-Troll in the heart with her dagger coated in poison, but unfortunately, it was too short to pierce through the thick muscles.
The probes, Rotmiller, could only barely get the tip of his crossbow bolt into the Half-Troll’s hide.
‘I guess we’ll just have to wait for Dwalki to cast his spell again.’
In the end, Dwalki was our strongest damage dealer.
We were once again reminded of our team’s weaknesses.
Our tank line was strong enough to withstand the Half-Troll’s [Frenzy] state, but our damage dealers weren’t cutting it.
But that was a problem we couldn’t solve right away.
"I’m done! Fall back!"
After battling it out for another 10 minutes or so, Dwalki unleashed his signature move once more.
Thankfully, this time he hit it in the head.
[Half-Troll defeated. EXP +3]
The Half-Troll dissolved into light as its head flew off.
Naturally, the Soul Essence I’d been hoping for was nowhere to be found.
It was just a fist-sized Magic Stone that fell to the ground.
"That’s a shame. It wasn’t an easy monster to deal with."
Misha and Rotmiller both licked their lips, as if disappointed.
I couldn’t blame them.
If I hadn’t eaten the Vampire Soul Essence yet, I would have been drooling too.
A 7th-grade regenerative Soul Essence wasn’t exactly common.
Well, I’m at a point where I can’t be satisfied by something like that anymore.
[07 : 13]
The fourth day had just begun.
Tomorrow, we’d reach the fourth floor, and the real journey would begin.
From there, we’d encounter 6th-grade monsters.
I just want to get my hands on a 6th-grade Soul Essence, one and only one.
***
"Alright, let’s move."
We decided to continue our journey after taking care of the Half-Troll.
We were all clearly exhausted from the night we spent in the forest, but the Witch’s Forest wasn’t exactly a place to relax.
We agreed to push ourselves for one day and reduce the time it took to reach the fourth floor.
However…
"Adventurers."
As we were about to resume our journey, unfamiliar adventurers emerged from the darkness.
It wasn’t that strange.
Even though it was the Witch’s Forest, it was about time for a new group to enter after we had been camped out at the entrance for so long.
But there was one problem.
‘One, two, three, four….’
What? Why are there six?
Typically, a team is made up of a maximum of 5 people.
Binding Magic can only handle five people at a time.
But a 6-person adventurer team?
That seemed suspicious. I took a closer look at the group, and I noticed a familiar face.
Sadly, it seemed they recognized us too.
“…Adventurers! It’s them! They killed my teammates!"
Damn it….
I didn’t see this coming at all.
Everyone on our team, without exception, was stunned by those words.
"May the star that shines in twilight guide us…."
The man who seemed to be the leader of the group made a long sign of the cross.
He was decked out in Rheatlas Church merchandise, so it seemed safe to assume he was a genuine religious fanatic, a rarity even in this world.
Damn it, that bitch is lucky.
How did she even find someone like that in a dungeon?
"Oh God, grant me the strength to destroy those wicked creatures…!"