Chapter 59 Survival Rule (2)
What’s the most important thing in a disaster situation? Water? Food? Stamina? Tools?
Well, all of them are very important items, but…
If I had to choose just one, I’d choose mental fortitude.
“No… I can’t die like this, I won’t! I endured all this hardship, and now I’m going to…!”
“Misha, calm down.”
When faced with a shitty situation, you need the courage to accept reality without denial.
That’s the only way to get an objective understanding.
Therefore, I abandoned all questions.
‘It doesn’t matter what happened over there.’
It could be a strange monster, or maybe the Elisa crew launched a surprise attack in that short moment.
All possibilities are open.
But that's not what I need to focus on right now.
‘Think.’
I'm separated from the group.
There's one beastkin companion next to me.
Sadly, he’s a warrior class who only does physical damage.
And the possibility of our lost comrades returning here is extremely low.
Yeah, in short, we’re screwed.
This place, where physically immune monsters run rampant, is also known as a warrior’s graveyard.
It’s almost impossible for a barbarian and a beastkin warrior to get through this.
And there are also pursuers after us.
That’s the biggest problem, in fact.
If the two of us run into them, it’s game over immediately.
But if we’re not going to just bite our tongues and die, we have to think.
Not how shitty the situation is—
‘So, what do we need to do right now?’
What action should we take?
Even if it’s just a desperate struggle, what should we sacrifice and prioritize for survival?
Simply put, what’s the best option right now?
“…Let’s move.”
“What? But even if we do—”
“Even if we can’t find a way out, it’s better to leave this spot.”
Once I objectively assessed the situation, I could see what needed to be done even in the worst conditions.
I prioritized them and decided to tackle them in order of importance.
First.
“This place is dangerous.”
Let's get out of here.
The reason is simple.
We have absolutely no information except that the dwarf crew encountered something dangerous near here, something that prevented them from coming for us.
“If that woman was up to something, we’ll find her eventually.”
“But shouldn’t she have shown up by now?”
Well, maybe we were simply low on their priority list. Maybe the dwarf crew ran away and followed them for some reason.
Of course, I didn’t want to argue about it for long.
Because the first thing to give up for survival is intangible values like kindness and consideration.
“So, what are you going to do? The choice is yours.”
I have no intention of carrying a burden around just because we're companions.
In the first place, that’s not even a proper companion.
I drew a clear line.
“If you don’t like my judgment, we’ll move separately from now on.”
“Wh, what do you mean?”
“Answer me.”
I don’t have time to waste on arguments.
Yes or no.
Misha, who had been silently staring into my eyes, bit his lip and made his choice.
“…I’ll follow your every word from now on. I can’t do anything anyway, with my injuries.”
A great answer, accurately grasping the questioner’s intention.
I wouldn’t have thought he was so quick-witted.
There’s a reason he’s a 5-year veteran explorer, even if he doesn’t seem like it usually.
“Th, that’s too much…!”
Once Misha’s stiffened expression softened, he started whining like he was hurt, but this is nothing…
Whatever. As long as he just follows my orders.
“Drink this.”
As I handed him a potion bottle, Misha drank it slowly, like he was receiving poison.
Then he started groaning.
Not a suggestive kind.
Because potions aren’t capable of that.
“Ugh, gack, ugh!”
Hearing him groan, it seems like the potion is working.
Therefore, I hoisted Misha onto my shoulders.
It’s just a sprained ankle, so the pain will disappear in 5 minutes and he’ll be able to walk…
But it’s good to save time if we can.
“Ugh, ugh! Be, be gentle with my foot! No, be careful!”
As I started jogging properly, Misha started pleading, whining.
He must be getting motion sickness.
But I could only say this.
“Endure it, even if it’s hard.”
Sorry, I’m a psycho barbarian who’s forgotten about kindness and consideration.
Efficiency comes first when the survival alarm goes off.
You don’t die from a little motion sickness, do you?
Thud, thud, thud!
Anyway, while I was running through the forest blindly, as if I was just clearing it out…
Misha, who was on my shoulders, started hammering my back wildly.
“Get me down, cough! Ge, get me down! I, I’m better!”
“Don’t lie.”
“It’s true! I swear on my clan’s guardian spirit!”
“Hmm, then why is your voice so weak?”
I pointed out the logical flaw in Misha’s statement.
But for some reason, I felt like scolding him.
“How could it be strong? This barbarian fool!! Fine, get me down!”
“Alright.”
Seeing him do a back smash, it seemed like he had enough sense to move around, so I willingly let him down.
“Ugh, I thought I was going to die!”
Come on, stop exaggerating.
He looked fine, but just in case, I asked him.
“So, is your foot alright now?”
“As you can see.”
“Speak properly. Does that mean you can fight right now?”
“Well… I can! But why are you asking that?”
Because we’re going to have to fight.
“Good, there’s a monster over there.”
Misha followed the direction I pointed with his head. At the end, there was a giant tree, rooted to the ground and moving.
An 8-grade monster, ‘Sneetree’.
It’s a creepy monster that attacks explorers using its branches that writhe like tentacles.
Incidentally, this is one of the few normal monsters that inhabits the Witch's Forest, along with the half-troll.
In short, you can hunt it with just physical damage.
“But do we really need to catch it? It’s slow, it can’t follow us… Ah! I don’t mean I won’t follow your words!”
Okay, that’s good then.
Anyway, the question itself was valid, so I gave him a short answer.
“You never know, it might drop an essence.”
“Essence?”
Misha tilted his head, as if he’d heard an absurd word.
No wonder.
I wouldn’t even come up with this plan if I wasn’t in this situation.
“The monsters that come out in the Witch's Forest all have attribute-based abilities.”
Well, except for the half-troll.
Whatever, I’ll skip that one if I see it.
Soon, Misha understood the gist of my plan and stiffened up.
“Don’t tell me you’re going to capture it for that?”
Yep, and every single one I see.
I have to get attribute-based abilities somehow.
It's fine to avoid spectral creatures for a day or two, but I can't even get a proper night's sleep like this.
Well, if I luckily find a way out of the forest while wandering around… I wouldn’t have to worry about this.
‘But miracles like that won't happen to me.’
Of course, the drop rate of essences is extremely low.
But this is, in a way, like a side quest.
I have no intention of fixating on this plan at all.
It’d be great if it drops, but if it doesn’t, then so be it.
That’s about it, isn’t it?
‘Anyway, all of this would be meaningless the moment those Elisa crew find us.’
The explorers searching for the dwarf crew either killed them or lost them, and are now searching for us.
Once that happens, all of these efforts right now would be pointless.
But…
That’s not a reason to stop struggling.
“Anyway, get ready to fight.”
“Alright!”
Soon, Misha pulled out his weapon.
“Rrrraaaawrr!”
He rushed towards the Sneetree that was creeping on the ground, rooted to the soil.
Survival Rule 1.
To live, you must fight.
***
「You have slain the Sneetree. EXP +2」
***
I’m walking through the Witch's Forest without any explorers.
And if someone were to ask me how I feel, I would definitely answer like this.
It feels like wandering around the hall of mirrors at an amusement park all day long.
Incidentally, this hall of mirrors has a constant BGM too.
[Just kill her! Or have fun! Why are you so nice to that useless woman?]
[Heehee, hee hee hee!]
[It’s all your fault! If it weren’t for you!]
Is the detail of the voices just my imagination?
Nah, I don’t think so.
Considering the hallucinations are also clearer than before.
[Hanson, why are you the only one who survived?]
Unlike before, where they were just monstrous shapes, the people imprinted in my memory are now appearing.
People I’ll never be able to meet in this world.
[It hurts! It hurts! It hurts!!]
[When will you kill that girl? When will you kill that girl? When will you kill that girl? When will you kill that girl?]
Occasionally, those people appear in the form of hallucinations and spout shitty things at me.
In a way, the hallucinations and auditory hallucinations have merged.
‘The field effect couldn’t have suddenly become stronger, it’s just that I’ve become weaker.’
I calmly assessed my condition.
But that was it.
I stayed up all night.
In the meantime, I fought a fierce battle.
I was half-dead and revived by a curse, and I’m currently lost in a desperate situation.
Naturally, my mental strength has reached its limit.
But what does it matter?
‘Just endure it.’
That’s what life is like, after all.
At least, it is for me.
Endure, endure, and endure, don't dwell on what I can't change and do what I can do.
“Misha, use this instead of your dagger.”
“Huh? I’ve never used a spear… ”
After defeating the Sneetree, I took a short break and checked my expanding backpack. Then I handed Misha the spear that had been Teison’s weapon.
It was something I planned to sell and split the money once we got to the city, but it’s not the time for such things.
“Don’t argue and just use it.”
“Hmph, alright…”
I hadn’t said anything until now, out of respect for his individuality and his accumulated experience.
But my usual theory is that a weapon is always more practical the longer it is.
In fact, when I caught the Sneetree earlier, if it hadn’t been for the dagger, I could have pierced deep into it and destroyed its core in one shot.
“Ugh, it’s awkward! Can’t you just give me a sword instead?”
No.
I don’t know which is easier to handle, a sword or a spear.
But one thing is clear, the spear is definitely longer.
It’ll also be much easier for him to help me when I create a wall with my shield.
“You’ve never handled either weapon anyway. Just use that one.”
“Hmph.”
Hmph, my foot.
I wish he’d stop whining and acting petulant, making me lose energy.
I don’t know what you think of me, but I don’t consider you to be that close to me.
After all, we’ve only been acquainted for less than two weeks.
‘This… I better use this one.’
I was upgrading equipment, not just for Misha, but for myself too.
「The character has equipped the Steel Plate Greaves.」
「Overall item level increased by +45.」
First, I put Hanson C’s greaves on my calves.
They were made of leather on the inside and steel on the outside.
I wish there were thigh pieces, but sadly, those are probably in the dwarf’s backpack.
「The character has equipped the War Boots.」
「Overall item level increased by +38.」
While I was at it, I also got new shoes.
They were also Hanson C’s.
They were pretty good-looking leather boots, but strangely, the instep part had a steel plate.
It was also in the form of sharp spikes.
‘Those explorer bastards are only practical in these places.’
I looked further, but there wasn’t anything else worth using for either Misha or me.
But instead, I found something unexpected.
“Huh? Bjorn! Is this holy water?”
“…It looks like it.”
Is this the time for our fortunes to turn around after a series of misfortunes?
I was much happier about this than any equipment.
Because if you have holy water, you can enchant weapons.
「Holy energy seeps into the equipment.」
「Grants additional damage when attacking evil attribute monsters.」
Attribute-based additional damage for holy attributes.
In other words, this means that even if we don’t have the attribute-based abilities we’ve been wanting, we can still beat up spectral monsters.
It’s limited to evil attributes, but…
Most of the spectral monsters that come out of the Witch’s Forest are evil attributes, so it’s not something I need to worry about.
‘The problem is that there are only five bottles.’
Holy water has no duration.
It just loses its effect when it’s used to inflict all of the designated additional damage.
How many monsters can we catch with five bottles?
Well, I don’t know, but it’s way too little to use without restraint until the 15th day when the 3rd floor is closed.
‘…I better use it sparingly.’
Still, it’s good news after a long time.
Therefore, I searched through the backpack again more carefully.
I hadn’t properly checked the exploration equipment because I was so out of it before.
Maybe there’s something else that could be helpful.
“Ugh? Bjorn!”
While we were sorting through the bags, each taking one, Misha called me.
“I found something unusual, do you know what this is?”
It was a pendant with an unusual pattern.
And I knew what that pattern was.
‘Isn’t this the Karui Cult symbol?’
Sadly, that was all I could figure out.
I couldn’t tell what kind of item it was for besides being related to the Karui Cult.
‘Anyway, I think we’ve checked everything…'
I put back the items I had taken out and organized the backpack.
And since the ‘Holy Water’ variable appeared, I reviewed the simple plan I had made.
I had initially come up with three options.
1. Ask an explorer we meet by chance for help.
The Witch’s Forest is huge.
And due to the geographical characteristics, it’s rare to encounter other explorers. But if we keep wandering around, we’re bound to meet them sometime.
Any explorers would be tempted if we offered them equipment as a reward.
‘The problem is, I can’t trust them.’
There are a lot of efficiency freaks among explorers.
They might just kill us and take it, why bother helping us?
That’s what some might think.
‘And this one’s a woman, too…’
I glanced at Misha who was eating jerky, looking like he was hungry, and continued my thoughts.
2. Just wander around until we reach the edge of the forest or the 4th floor portal.
This is a method that relies entirely on luck.
Therefore, I decided it’s not something I need to set as the final goal. We’re in a position where we have to keep wandering around the forest, whether we like it or not.
It’s not something you can get just by wishing for it.
And it’s not something you can prevent from happening by not wishing for it.
Anyway, next.
3. Survive until the closing day.
We have enough food and water.
And by obtaining holy water, we have secured at least a minimum level of safety for now.
If attribute-based essences drop along the way, our survival rate in this damn forest will increase dramatically.
‘It’s all based on the assumption that those guys can’t find us.’
I sighed deeply.
We’ve only been in the labyrinth for four days.
It means there’s much more journey to go than the journey we’ve already done.
Thinking about what we experienced in those four days, it’s hard to expect that the remaining days will go smoothly.
‘It doesn’t seem like the essences will drop, and since I’ll have to do it anyway, I might as well do it now.’
Therefore, I decided.
“Misha, have you ever been married?”
“Huh? Why are you asking that?”
Misha, who was chewing jerky, flinched at my question.
He seemed confused about what I meant.
Even though he said he’d listen to me, he still answered.
“Well, I haven’t… ”
Okay.
I asked again.
This time, more directly.
“Then, do you have any beliefs, like it’s wrong to show your naked body to a stranger?”
“Well, I don’t think I do… ”
“Good.”
“Wh, what’s good about that? Gack! St, stop! Don’t, don’t come any closer!”
It’s a choice I wouldn’t have made if I hadn’t played [Dungeon & Stone] for almost 10 years.
It’s a shame to use that item already…
4. Awaken Misha.
]]] 