Chapter 6 Give and Take (2)
[Dungeon and Stone] is a peculiar game.
Fellow NPCs are essential to the game's progression, but you can never trust those bastards.
Especially not the ones you just met.
***
I'm walking through the cave.
Waddling.
I'm off balance because I'm missing one shoe.
Even so, I'm happy.
This discomfort I feel now, is it not something I couldn't feel when I was crawling on three limbs?
I have regained my human dignity.
I don't know how long it will last.
"Ugh..."
I use my shield to somewhat protect my upper body as I move forward.
I don't have to look at the ground like a madman anymore.
There's light here.
The crystals embedded in the walls and ceiling illuminate the surroundings brightly.
Crawling through the darkness, bleeding, feels like a dream.
It's safe to say that being able to see is a godsend.
Especially because it allows me to kill those evil goblin bastards.
"Waaah!"
"Grrk?!"
Surprised by my shout, the goblin pops out from behind a rock.
I had already figured out the general location of their hiding spot, so I used my skill as I'd been waiting.
"Smash! You son of a bitch!"
Smash is a skill with decent attack power that doesn't even consume MP.
For your information, I just made it.
Thwack-!
The goblin, mid-leap, gets hit by the shield and falls to the ground. I swiftly approach and press my foot against the goblin's upper body.
"Grr, Grrk?!"
Don't give me those pitiful eyes.
I know how treacherous and evil these bastards are.
"Grr, Grrk!"
You're saying it wasn't you?
Well, go ask your friend who went first. He's the one who made me like this.
Crack-!
I brought the edge of the shield down onto the goblin's face with all my might.
Unlike Smash, which simply swings or pushes to hit enemies head-on.
The name is... Final Shield Attack.
As I said, I just made it.
Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh-!
The goblin, cleanly killed, disappears into light.
It means, however faintly, that evil has diminished and the world has become a little more beautiful.
I picked up the magical stone that appeared as a reward and shoved it roughly into my pocket.
The tenth magical stone I've acquired since entering the labyrinth.
"Ugh, weaklings."
Since being revived from death, I've been encountering goblins constantly.
I was nervous at first, but I quickly realized something.
Goblins encountered in areas with good visibility were not at all threatening.
They weren't as smart as I thought either.
Just look at those traps they've randomly set up.
'They should at least dig some dirt to cover it up. Do they have any brains? Who would step on a trap placed right in the middle of the path?'
The goblin traps were so crude that they could be spotted from afar. Even if you try to walk past them without stepping on the trap, most of them would rush out and attack first.
Apparently, the kind of goblins who grinned with a perverse smile and followed me was only possible if you stepped on the trap...
As I gradually understood their habits, fighting them became easier.
Firstly, their primary weapon is a short dagger, and their physical abilities are at a mere elementary school upper grade level.
On the other hand, I am currently a muscular barbarian with a physique reaching 2 meters tall. Engaging in direct combat, I could subdue goblins like those in less than 3 seconds.
Therefore, all I had to do was be careful of sneak attacks, but since I could know the ambush location beforehand thanks to the traps...
'Well, maybe it wouldn't be bad to become a Goblin Slayer?'
I immediately moved my hand and slapped my cheek hard.
Thwack-!
As painful as it was, my mind instantly cleared.
...What was I thinking just now?
I must be crazy.
There's no way I would be giggling while having such pathetic thoughts unless I was insane.
Don't get cocky just because you killed a few goblins.
It's been barely two hours since I was resurrected, and I haven't solved any of the new problems that have arisen.
"Damn, I'm hungry..."
Firstly, there's the food problem.
I didn't just lose my shield while crawling through the darkness.
The food bag given to me by the chieftain had a hole in it, and I lost about 5 days worth of food out of the 7 days worth.
Of course, I couldn't go back and search for it in the darkness.
I'm not Hansel and Gretel.
Crunch, crunch.
Without hesitation, I pulled out a loaf of bread from my bag and ate it.
As if for preservation, the bread was hard and dry, but when I let it dissolve slowly with my saliva, the sweetness of carbohydrates gradually reached my tongue.
Why does this taste so good?
Maybe my eating habits have changed because of my barbarian body.
After a few bites, the bread, as big as my palm, was gone.
I let out a sigh, feeling a strange sense of regret and dryness in my mouth.
My throat is dry.
This is the second problem.
...Damn, where am I going to get water?
***
「You have slain a goblin.」
「You have slain a goblin.」
「You have slain a goblin.」
「You have slain a goblin.」
「Warning: Your body is lacking in fluids. Quickly procure water...」
***
[Dungeon and Stone] has a satiety system.
Of course, it only activates inside the labyrinth, and it was enough to be full just by eating, so there was no need to carry water.
However, this isn't a game world.
To be more precise, it's closer to another world that's extremely similar to the game I know.
'The game was already hardcore, but now that it's become reality, the difficulty has gone completely bonkers.'
Still, I'm not too worried.
While water is a more important resource than food, the chieftain didn't give me water either.
It's clear that self-sufficiency within the labyrinth is possible.
In fact, it didn't take long to find it.
"Smash!"
I kept killing goblins and wandering through the cave, complex as an ant colony, for about an hour.
I followed the sound of dripping water, a soft 'tick-tock', and discovered a small pond.
One explorer was already crouching there, drinking water. It was practically my first encounter with anyone besides the blonde party...
"... "
There was no conversation.
He saw me from afar and silently moved out of the way, and I didn't bother approaching and talking to him.
The other explorers I met later were the same. Everyone simply slipped away when they saw me.
It seems that there's an unwritten rule among explorers, just like in the game, to avoid contact with each other as much as possible.
Well, maybe they just didn't want to get involved with a blood-soaked barbarian.
Anyway, I kept killing goblins, eating bread when I got hungry, and drinking water when I got thirsty, and time just kept flowing until now.
"One, two, three, four, five, six..."
Counting them, I've obtained a total of forty-four magical stones so far.
That's 44 loaves of bread obtained.
It's truly a momentous occasion when you think back to when I was dying, but as they say, nothing in this world is free.
In exchange, I've gained intense fatigue.
That was the third problem I had.
'I'm starting to get sleepy...'
As living beings, we need sleep.
That's no different for a barbarian with such high-performance specs.
So how do you get sleep in a labyrinth where monsters exist?
There are two options.
Trust your life to fate and take a nap.
Or find a companion to watch over each other.
I've already decided which choice to make.
Trusting my life to fate? Based on my experience, that's not something to rely on. At least not for me.
'Let's find a companion.'
Of course, that doesn't mean I'm going to form a formal party.
Everyone is in the same tired situation right now, so I'm planning to find someone suitable and establish a temporary cooperative relationship.
Actually, in the game too, most people got through the night that way when their fatigue level got high.
Thump, thump.
Having made my decision, I focused on moving around the labyrinth instead of fighting. But just doing that, I started seeing groups of people all over the place, unlike before.
Thump, thump.
Exploration groups of two or three are taking turns guarding while resting.
I carefully observed them, focusing on their appearances and physiognomy, and mustered up the courage to contact a few groups, but I was rejected by all of them.
"Sorry, but we already have all the people we need."
They said it that way, but it's clear why they said it when I saw them scrunching up their faces and plugging their noses as I approached.
...You bastards.
How clean do you think you are?
As I was grumbling to myself, someone called out to me.
"Hey, you."
It was a human man who looked to be in his thirties.
He was about 180cm tall.
He had a friendly, kind-looking face, but he was holding a hammer covered in goblin blood.
The man grinned and asked me.
"Are you perhaps looking for a night companion?"
Damn, what's with this guy?
I instinctively took a step back, and the man tilted his head.
"You weren't looking for a night companion, were you? I thought since you're a barbarian, I could trust you and rest comfortably, but that's a shame."
You should have said that from the start...
It seems that 'night companion' is a euphemism for the temporary cooperative relationship I was talking about.
In-game it was labeled 'Night Companion'.
I interpreted it as 'night comrade', 'night companion', something like that, but when I heard it in real life, it sounded really perverse.
"...No, I am looking for a night companion."
"Is that so? Good. Would you like to be with me?"
"I will."
And so, I became a night companion with the man.
"My name is Hans."
"I'm Bjorn, son of Jandel."
"Then I can call you Bjorn, right?"
The man, who seemed experienced, naturally finished introducing ourselves and took the lead.
"Three night companions are best, but it would be a waste of energy to go searching for another one. What do you think, Bjorn?"
In simpler terms, he's saying that we'll sleep together.
This guy, is he really thinking dirty thoughts? Because of his smooth-talking manner, I keep feeling like I'm getting taken advantage of.
"Good."
"Excellent. If someone asks to join us, we'll discuss it and decide whether or not to accept them."
After a brief discussion, we decided to spend the first night together.
However, the problem is...
"Then let's decide who goes first by playing Rock-Paper-Scissors."
It seems that Rock-Paper-Scissors is a universal rule here too.
Damn, I'm really bad at this...
As I've said before, I'm unlucky.
"Hmm, for once, I won."
Damn it.
"Then I'll be in your care. If a goblin or another explorer approaches, wake me up first. Understand?"
"...Understood."
"Here, take this."
The man lent me a clock with the numbers 0 to 23 engraved on the face. He even kindly taught me how to use it.
"When the short hand gets here, you can wake me up."
This is probably how people here perceive barbarians.
"Don't break it. It's expensive."
"...Understood."
Damn, he's so picky.
The man then took out a blanket, covered himself with it, used his backpack as a pillow, and lay down. And soon after, he began to snore.
Is this the real deal? He looks so comfortable.
If I ask to borrow it during my turn, he'll probably say no, right?
"Ugh..."
Anyway, this guarding thing is really boring.
I can't see any goblins, and there are no other explorers trying to pass through the passage. Are they all taking a break with their night companions?
As silence continues, sleepiness starts to creep up on me.
But as I lean against the wall and think about the future, time passes quickly.
"Hans, wake up."
"...Anything happen?"
"Nothing."
"I see. You've done well. Give me the clock and get some rest. I'll wake you up in two hours."
Before I could even bring up borrowing it, the man got up, putting his blanket back in his backpack.
Damn.
I also gave up on the idea and approached the wall to lean against it.
And I pretended to be dozing off.
That's only natural.
No matter how friendly, intelligent, or harmless this man seems, how can you trust someone you just met?