Of course you are! :). You must be! SAFETY: always NEGLIGIBLE. :) 
[[[This is the best option. Episode 60: Survival Rules (3)
To save time, I immediately took off the ring.
No.9425 Frost Spirit Ring.
A Number's item acquired by swindling the old man, the master of the Artemion School.
"Here, take it."
"Huh? A ring? Why all of a sudden…?"
Misha, who had absentmindedly taken the ring, was bewildered, wondering what it was.
"This is a ring I’ve been keeping for the time when someone worthy of receiving it appears."
"But… why are you giving it to me?"
Because the situation has changed.
I answered briefly.
"Swear to your patron deity that you will continue to be by my side after accepting this."
The Frost Spirit Ring costs 1.5 million stones.
However, it's an item that’s difficult to acquire even if you want it, as it’s not available for sale.
If the true value of this ring becomes known, its price would skyrocket crazily.
"Whoa?! Bjorn! Are you out of your mind?!"
Misha reprimanded me with horror, but my mind was clear.
Would I just give this thing away?
I'll use it for survival for now, but I need a promise that you’ll continue to follow me and help me.
Of course, this is not a one-sided contract.
"The moment you receive this ring, I will, with a warrior's honor, stand by your side and help you. So I hope you will do the same."
"Are you serious…?"
To prove it, I looked into Misha's eyes and spoke clearly.
"I am serious."
A true win-win.
A kind of companion oath.
And did she understand?
Misha stared at me for a long time with surprised eyes, then opened her mouth with a voice devoid of playfulness.
"…It's sudden, but I know you're not teasing me. Honestly, this is the first time I've received this kind of proposal, and I, I'm not unhappy!"
"Then I'm glad—"
"But Bjorn, I’m sorry. I've never thought of you like that."
"…What do you mean?"
Misha closed her eyes tightly.
Then, as if she had made up her mind, she looked at me intently and answered.
"I… prefer thin men."
"Thin men…? What are you talking about? I don’t understand at all—"
"Eeek!! You have no charm as a man!!"
My mind went blank for a moment.
Is this like getting rejected when you didn't even intend to confess?
I don’t know, but one thing was clear.
"…There seems to be some misunderstanding."
"Yeah, let’s call it that. We have to keep traveling together, so let’s not make the atmosphere awkward—"
What is she saying?
I said I would help, not wanting to sound too materialistic, but it was a mistake.
Barbarians have their way.
"What I mean is, I want you to make a companion oath in exchange for accepting this ring."
"Companion oath…?"
"Of course, if you find me a similar ring or give me a profit of 15 million stones, you can terminate the contract anytime. Now, do you understand?"
"H, how can I do that?! What kind of ring is this to cost 15 million stones?!"
"I’m selling it cheap for 15 million stones."
"No, I mean, what is this ring—"
I cut her off.
"This ring can fulfill your long-held desire."
"…What? Desire?"
"For example, now your brother can't call you half-breed anymore."
Was it a story like a fatal weakness?
Misha stiffened in surprise.
But after thinking for a moment, she tried to smile awkwardly.
"Eh, do you think I’ll fall for that? No matter how awkward it is, you can’t tell such lies—"
"It’s not a lie."
There was silence for a moment as the conversation stopped.
Misha, who had been smiling awkwardly, stopped laughing.
No, she looked at me with a cold gaze instead.
"This is a bit too much of a joke, isn’t it?"
Her voice was cold, unlike usual.
"I clearly gave you a chance to laugh and let it go. Why are you still lying? Did I look ridiculous to you because I just laughed and went along?"
Misha bit her lips, as if she was upset.
"…I shouldn’t have told you about that."
It was an unexpected reaction, but perhaps it was natural.
Trauma.
The wound that has festered for a lifetime hurts just by being touched.
"I’m not trying to tear open your wound. I really—"
"I’ve never heard of such a thing. How do you even know this, something that even our tribe doesn't know?"
I closed my mouth instead of answering.
It wasn't something I could explain in detail, and I didn't want to.
We can’t stay like this forever.
Let's end it quickly.
"Misha, I'll ask you one thing."
"Go ahead."
"If everything I’ve said so far is true, would you accept my offer?"
"You're still joking—!"
I interrupted Misha before she could get angry and yelled back.
"Just answer!"
Just answer the question, won't you?
Yes or No.
When I yelled and demanded an answer, Misha stiffened, then bit her lips again.
"…If everything you said is true, I'd be honored to be your benefactor even until the day I die. But—"
But what kind of but?
"Then that’s settled."
I took a step closer and grabbed Misha’s wrist.
"Misha Calstain, it may be hard to believe, but I swear on a warrior’s honor that everything I’ve said so far is true."
"…What, what?"
Misha looked confused.
Seeing this, I wondered if it would have been easier if I had made the warrior’s oath earlier….
Well, it doesn’t matter now.
"So, when you wake up, keep your promise."
I pulled Misha towards me and put the ring on her finger.
And…
Crack-!
I crushed the blue glass gem on the ring with my bare hand.
「The Frost Spirit Ring has been destroyed.」
「Glacial Beast Skadia awakens from its seal.」
Like ripples on a lake.
The wave of cold air spreads across the ground.
Whoooooosh-!
No.9425 Frost Spirit Ring.
The unique effect that occurs when this item is destroyed.
It’s practically a meaningless option, as it doesn’t cause damage….
But through various trials and errors, I discovered one thing.
「Special conditions have been met.」
If the wearer is a beastkin.
An event occurs, separate from the destruction effect.
「Ice Beast Skadia proposes a contract to Misha Calstain.」
Soul Contract.
It allows you to forcibly awaken the special abilities possessed by the beastkin race.
***
「The contract has been successfully completed.」
***
A cold gust of wind swirls around Misha like the eye of a typhoon.
As it slowly subsides, Misha opens her eyes.
There’s a complex, somewhat forlorn look in her red eyes.
"This, so easily… What have I been doing all this time…."
Misha, who had been muttering incoherently, looked at me.
And asked with a betrayed expression.
"Bjorn, what is this ring? If this exists, why didn't my father tell me about it?!"
I don’t know if the beastkin know about this ring.
But if I tell her what she wants to hear….
"He probably didn't know."
"…He didn’t know?"
"Yeah, it seems like a wizard figured it out after years of research. He definitely didn’t hide it because he didn't consider you his child."
This should help her mental state.
But Misha still seemed to have a lot of questions, despite my answer.
"Wait, then how did you even know about it? Where did you get this ring?"
It’s not difficult to explain.
I have stories made up in advance.
But there's one thing I need to do before that.
"First, we should put on some clothes and talk."
"…Clothes?"
Misha tilted her head and looked down at me.
Then she checked her current state and…
"Uh, ah? Uh-huh? I, I, I’m naked?!"
Misha screeched like a broken robot.
"I’ve put all your clothes aside. Put them on and let’s talk."
"O, okay…."
While I was looking away for a moment, Misha hurriedly put on her clothes.
"You can turn around."
"You were quick."
"Then I'll take my time!!"
When I turned around, Misha was wearing her casual clothes.
The thin undergarment she wore under her equipment.
It was tight, so her curves were even more evident.
"Aren't you going to wear your equipment?"
"Answer this first! Why was I, I, I, naked?!"
"Because I undressed you."
"Y, y, you did?! Y, you?!"
"It couldn’t be helped. I heard that if you do this ritual, any equipment you’re wearing will fly away."
By the way, this is a lie.
I didn’t hear it, I experienced it firsthand.
Crap, I put so much effort into building it up, and all my equipment reset to zero, so I couldn’t do anything and got a game over.
"…Wait a minute! You did that question too because of that, didn’t you?"
"What question?"
"The marriage question or whatever."
Ah, that.
I honestly nodded.
"If your spouse was around, they’d be upset."
I’m a proud Confucianist of Korea.
I could never do something so disrespectful as undressing a woman who has a husband.
However, Misha exclaimed in disbelief at my words.
"You’re thinking about that, but you didn’t think to tell me beforehand?!"
"I didn’t intend to hide it. But you didn’t believe me at all."
"That, that’s true, but…."
When I gave a reasonable explanation for every question, Misha seemed to have nothing left to say.
Therefore, I guess I can be blunt now.
"I even had to take off your clothes in a hurry, so I went through a lot of trouble. Tsk, I didn’t realize you had so much jewelry. Why do you have so much?"
"…I, I’m sorry."
"That’s it? There’s something you need to do before you apologize."
I looked at Misha intently, trying to sound as if there was something important to be said.
It’s always good to express gratitude when you can.
"…Thank you."
"Is that all?"
Misha thought for a moment and said again.
"…Thank you?"
"Don’t try to sweep it under the rug. There’s something we need to clear up."
"Y, you really have to say it out loud?"
Misha avoided my gaze, blushing and looking awkward, but I wouldn’t let her get away with it.
This is something you always have to address.
"Of course."
When I said it stubbornly, Misha’s eyes changed.
The playful atmosphere was over.
It was as if she never intended to let it slide from the beginning.
She straightened up and looked at me.
"Bjorn, listen. I… I once… tried to die."
Suddenly?
I wasn’t entirely surprised, but I listened to her sincere voice.
"My father was the one who found me and saved me."
"You should thank your father."
"I wish I could, but it’s not such a beautiful story. You know what the first thing my father said to me when I regained consciousness?  He told me to go die in the labyrinth if I wanted to die. He asked me how much more of a disgrace to the family I had to be to satisfy him."
Oh, uh, well….
I was seriously considering correcting my previous mistake.
While I was thinking, Misha continued calmly.
"So I went into the labyrinth. Of course, I didn’t go there to die. I just wanted to escape from that family. Even without beast powers, if I became a great explorer and was recognized, I thought maybe my father would look at me differently."
A restrained voice.
Her strained voice made the various emotions she must have felt while growing up even clearer.
"Of course, I don’t know if he’ll ever accept me. But for some reason… I don’t care anymore."
Then Misha bowed to me.
"…Thank you, Bjorn. I won't forget this grace, I’ll cherish it until the day I die and repay it."
Even if it fades over time, it’s pointless to doubt Misha’s sincerity now.
And in that sense, the melodrama is over.
"Swear to your patron deity?"
I asked, having been listening.
Misha smiled faintly and nodded.
"Swear to my patron deity."
Okay, that’s neat and tidy.
***
Summoning, Enhancement, Ability.
A beastkin who has made a contract with a beast power usually obtains one of these three types of abilities.
Misha was Enhancement.
「Ice Beast Skadia's power permanently resides in Misha Calstain's body.」
Aside from her physical abilities being enhanced, she’s constantly imbued with an ice attribute.
Like how my stomach is numb right now.
"Oof! I was told to hit you, so I did, but I didn’t know it would be like this. I, I’m okay, aren’t I?"
Her skin is red, as if she has frostbite.
Seeing this, I grinned.
‘It’s a pity it’s not Summoning or Ability….’
Still, this is something.
After I got hit, it’s even clearer.
The attribute-based attack method I’ve been wanting is finally here.
With this, I can finally beat the crap out of even young spirit-type monsters.
"Eh? Snap out of it, Bjorn! Why are you grinning like a fool?!"
"Nothing. Let’s move now. We’ve been in one place too long."
After tidying up the area, I took Misha and moved. On the way, we met a 9th-grade spirit-type monster, a ‘Wraith,’ and tried fighting it.
「The Wraith uses [Corpse Flame].」
[Corpse Flame].
An active skill that combines darkness and fire attributes.
The power is lower than a 9th-grade spell….
With my vampire essence, which makes me resistant to darkness, it’s just a warm feeling.
Spirit-type monsters are generally weak compared to their level.
They’re just annoying in the early game because they lack attack methods.
「The Wraith has been defeated. EXP +1」
I used my holy water-coated mace.
Misha used her icy fists to beat up ten or so Wraiths.
"Oof, it feels weird every time I hit…."
The reason I used fists instead of a spear was simple.
‘So it doesn’t work on weapons because it’s only a stage 1 awakening.’
Like the Barbarian’s Spirit Imbue, the beastkin’s beast power contract also grows gradually.
It’s fortunate that Misha was originally a martial arts class. What if she had been using only fists and then realized she was at a limit and decided to use a dagger because it seemed easier to adapt to?
「Witch’s Lamp has been defeated. EXP +1」
「Dyrouter has been defeated EXP +2」
「Mutant Lesser Spirit has been defeated. EXP +2」
Anyway, we kept wandering through the forest.
We killed any monster we saw within a reasonable range.  And we rested as much as possible whenever we got the chance to replenish our stamina.
「Woodman has been defeated. EXP +1」
「Homunculus has been defeated. EXP +2」
「Owlbear has been defeated. EXP +2」
About 11 hours passed.
We hadn’t encountered a 7th-grade monster yet, but battles against lower-grade monsters weren’t particularly difficult.
There were no dangerous situations either.
Contrary to my worries, there was no sign of the Elissa yet.
‘Did something happen to them?’
Well, it’s possible.
Or maybe not.
I’d rather be prepared instead of getting my hopes up.
By doing what I can.
‘Whew, so the essence still doesn’t come out.’
I licked my lips bitterly.
Holy water and Ice Beast Skadia.
With these two attack methods, we can now hunt spirit-type monsters without any problems….
But it hasn’t changed much.
‘It’s about 30%, right?’
I thought.
The probability that I’ll survive and return to the city is probably around that.
「12 hours have passed since you entered the Witch’s Forest.」
「Field Effect - Witch’s Forest is enhanced.」
「Status Ailment [Witch’s Eye] is inflicted.」
The real survival starts now.
]]] 