Chapter 62: The Hut (1)
“Hurry up and move.”
I quickly left my spot. After all, I had hunted a Carnibaro in less than five minutes after all that hardship, so when would I get a chance to rest?
“So, are you feeling better now?”
“I feel a bit alive after resting. Thanks. But how long was I out for?”
“About three hours, I guess.”
That's a lie. Even if I stretched the truth, it couldn't have been more than an hour.
But…
“Really? That long? No wonder I feel…”
It's called a placebo effect in professional terms. Believing in it is probably better for one’s mental and physical health. Well, now the problem was me.
“Bjorn, you don't look good.”
Misha, who had woken up after a nap, no longer lagged behind during our movement. However, my speed had slowed down instead. It’s only natural, though. Even if I have a high natural regenerative ability, it doesn't mean fatigue disappears.
“How about I carry you so you can sleep a bit?”
No, I appreciate the offer, but…
Talk about a ridiculous proposition.
“No, I’m fine. I can manage.”
Of course, I’m struggling. I could fall asleep in a second if I lay down and closed my eyes. However…
“Let’s pick up the pace.”
There are no other options this time either. After analyzing my current state objectively, I concluded that even if I stubbornly endure, it would only last a few more hours. After that, my spirit, or whatever you call it, wouldn’t be able to hold out. Therefore…
“Pick up the pace?”
“Yes, there’s no other way.”
We have to find a safe zone while my stamina can still hold out. It randomly spawns in the Witch’s Forest at regular intervals and remains for eight hours. In that safe zone, field effects are deactivated, and monsters don’t appear. In other words, we can safely sleep.
“But what if we can’t find it?”
Well, then things will get worse. Still, wasn’t it only two days ago that I found the last safe zone? It’s about time it appeared again.
‘I don’t know, but this kid seems lucky…’
It was evident when we found the last safe zone.  She complained about her legs aching, so we took a brief break, and a safe zone appeared right next to us.
“Misha, you lead the way from now on.”
“Me? Me?”
“Just go wherever you want. We’re not actually searching for it properly, are we?”
While I don’t believe in superstitions, I put Misha in the lead just in case. I moved quickly, only striking down any preemptive monsters we encountered.
How long had it been?
“Oh, oh? Bjorn! Look! Isn’t that it?”
“…It seems so.”
Is this the law of the survivor?
Amazingly, we found a peculiar tree within thirty minutes. It looked similar to other trees, but a purplish glow emanated from its bark.  Proof of a safe zone.
“Good job, Misha.”
“Hee-hee! You can praise me even more!”
What is she talking about?
After casually giving her head a messy pat to show appreciation, I approached the tree.  I put my hand on the bark along with Misha.
***
“The character enters the Witch’s Hut.”
***
The moment my hand touched the tree. Purple mist enveloped the surroundings. Soon, a warm breeze reminiscent of spring blew in, dispersing the mist that had obscured everything around us.
Whoosh!
When the mist finally disappeared, the dreary, gloomy scenery of the forest was nowhere to be seen. The ground was a meadow in full bloom with wildflowers. The withered thorns that had only been tangled with rotten vines were now laden with lush foliage.
“Bjorn! Look! Aren’t the flowers pretty?”
Yes, they are. But I saw that last time…
“Stop with the pointless nonsense and hurry up and go inside to rest.”
“Hmph! What a barbarian with no sense of romance!”
Romance?  You find that sort of thing when you’re alive, first. Even if you try to be romantic on the verge of starvation, it'll just look pathetic or self-deceiving to others.
Creak-.
Leaving Misha behind, who was oddly high-spirited, I opened the door to the hut in the center.
A single bookshelf, a table, a carpet, a fireplace.  Despite its name, the interior of the Witch’s Hut wasn’t particularly remarkable.  It was just an ordinary hut anyone could imagine.
‘If Raven or Dwarkey were here, they’d have loved this place.’
Mages love these peculiar spaces. There were books on the bookshelf, so they’d have checked those out first. However, I’m a Barbarian. And a very tired one at that.
Thump-
Therefore, I went straight to the bed and collapsed onto it. I buried my face in the pillow and mumbled.
“You’ll sleep in the chair this time.”
“Ah, okay! You’re tired, so rest comfortably.”
My stamina was at its limit, so I sent Misha to the rocking chair where I had slept last time.
Tap-tap-tap, Tap.
As I closed my eyes, I heard the sound of logs crackling in the fireplace.  It seemed Misha had settled into her spot, for the chair creaked regularly.
Creak, creak.
“…Sleep well, Bjorn.”
My consciousness faded slowly. 
***
Was it because I was exhausted? I had a dream for the first time in ages.  I was at the office as usual.  I was taking care of administrative tasks, and my ex-girlfriend came to pick me up after work. …She was wearing black stockings.  Anyway, we went to my apartment, ordered takeout chicken, and then each did our own thing. I played games. She sat quietly in a corner and read a book.  A comfortable silence settled in. When it was time to sleep, we naturally held each other and fell asleep. That was the entirety of the dream.
As soon as I realized it was all a dream, I was thrown back into reality.
The Witch’s Forest, a small hut found by wandering aimlessly. The old bed in the hut.  The giant Barbarian’s body taking up the entirety of the bed.  Waking up from my slumber, I had to drag this monstrous body and face real monsters to survive –
This was my reality. 
‘…So, let’s do what we need to do.’
Since I didn’t think I’d be able to sleep any longer, I turned my head to check the fireplace.  The logs that had been roaring earlier had lost their strength and were nearly extinguished.  It meant the hut would close soon.  I also checked my watch to confirm my total sleep time. 
‘So, I’ve been asleep for nearly seven hours?’ 
It was a bit strange. I hadn’t set an alarm, yet my body woke up at a reasonable time.
“….”
I forced my eyes open, which were trying to close, and looked at the ceiling. As I gradually regained my senses, a severe headache bloomed in the back of my head. It was as if my brain was whining that it needed to sleep more.  I wouldn’t let myself be swayed by such a weak mind, so I sat up.
For some reason…
‘How did she get up here?’
Misha was lying on my bed, resting her head on my waist, sound asleep.  She was even drooling.  She seemed so comfortable that she was breathing rhythmically, making a light snoring sound.  
‘Was the chair uncomfortable?’
I gently nudged Misha’s head to the side and got out of bed. Waking her up earlier would be better for her condition, but I decided to let her sleep a little longer for now.
Stretch, stretch, creak.
I stretched, loosening my stiff body. I went outside the hut to soak up some sunlight.  To be honest, it really did make me feel better. 
‘…Was that why Misha liked the flowers so much?’
Thinking about it, Misha's sensitivity made sense, but I still couldn't relate. Not that it’s wrong. It’s just a matter of preference.  Sunlight makes you feel like you’re absorbing vitamin D, but flowers are just a self-hypnosis technique.  The placebo effect is weak. 
Anyway, should I wake her up now?
“Misha, wake up.”
“Mm-hm, five more minutes…”
“Snap out of it, we need to leave soon.”
“Then, until then…”
What is she saying?  
Since she seemed incapable of rational thought due to sleepiness, I forcefully lifted her up in my arms.  I swayed her back and forth.
“Aagh! Aagh! Okay, okay! I’m awake! Just stop!”
“There you go.”
“You barbarian jerk!”
I told you to wake up when I told you to.
I handed her a water bottle, knowing she’d just be grumbling.  It seemed she wasn’t really angry.
“…Ah, thanks.”
She seemed to be waking up properly, so we sat down together and munched on bread and jerky. 
My appetite isn’t really there right after waking up… 
We’ll be too busy to eat comfortably once we’re out there, so…
“Once you’re done, stretch a bit. We only have a few minutes left.”
“Okay.”
Misha then went through some sort of national exercise, gradually awakening her body’s senses.  Is it because she’s an Agile character?  She’s incredibly flexible.
“Bjorn…”
Misha called out to me while she was stretching.
“What is it?”
“That,  Hikurod, Dwarkey, and Rotmiller… you know…”
“Just say it.”
“How do you think they’re doing?  They’re still alive, right?”
Ah, so that’s what she wanted to ask. I thought it was about time. It’s natural for people to start thinking about other things once they start feeling better.
I answered without hesitation.
“I don’t know.”
“Yeah, but you can predict things, right?”
It’s not a prediction, it’s a wish.
I cut off the conversation before it got too long.
“My prediction won’t change anything.”
It doesn’t matter if they’re dead or alive.  Even if they were in trouble, what could we, stranded in the Witch’s Forest, possibly do? We need to focus on surviving first.  We’ll know the outcome when we return to the city anyway.
“So, once you’ve stretched, check your equipment again.”
That’s all we can do right now.
Tap-tap-
The last of the crackling logs died out.
“The Witch’s Hut has closed.”
“The character is moving to the Witch’s Forest.”
Time to go.
***
“The status condition [Witch’s Eye] is upgraded to level 6.”
“The status condition [Witch’s Eye] is upgraded to level 7.”
“The status condition [Witch’s Eye] is upgraded to level 8.”
“The status condition [Witch’s Eye] is upgraded to level 9…”
***
Eleventh day since entering the Labyrinth.  Or, to put it another way, it has been eight days since we were stranded in the Witch’s Forest.
“The status condition [Witch’s Eye] is upgraded to level 10.”
Now, there’s not even time to take a breather.  We have to keep moving.  Now that [Witch’s Eye] has reached its peak level, a Carnibaro will spawn if we stay in one place for just three minutes.
‘But the good thing is… I guess there’s no way it can get worse from here.’
That’s assuming there are no more variables. Of course, the variables could also be positive.  For example, Essence, Essence, Essence…
‘Damn it.’
We had to hunt many monsters in the Witch’s Forest, whether we liked it or not. But Essence didn’t drop. It was extremely unfortunate.  If any Essence dropped, our combat power would increase, even if only slightly, and…
Some Essence would completely turn this situation around.
Like this little bastard, for example. 
“Bjorn! There’s a Witch’s Lamp!”
“Hurry up and finish it off.”
A level 9, spectral type monster, Witch’s Lamp.  It looks just like a will-o’-the-wisp.  Its combat power is also pathetic. It can be easily dealt with with elemental damage.  Its active skills are also basically trash.  
Outside the Witch’s Forest.
“The Witch’s Lamp casts [Witch’s Light].”
A summoning skill, [Witch’s Light].  Surprisingly, the summon is ‘Witch’s Lamp’. Yes, this little bastard summons itself.  It means that if we eat its Essence, we can summon and control the Witch’s Lamp.
“Essence, come to me!!”
Misha cast a spell, instantly eliminating the Witch’s Lamps that had multiplied from three to six. However, as expected, Essence didn’t drop.
Ugh, if only its Essence dropped, I could use it as a guide to get out of here…
‘So, I guess I have to hold out until the last day?’
Realistically, that’s the most likely scenario. The Labyrinth closes on the fifteenth day. We just have to hold out for four more days before we can return to the city. The problem is that I can’t be sure I’ll make it those four days.
“Misha, how’s your stamina?”
“Hmm, I’m tired, but I’m fine because I rested recently.”
We were lucky to find a hut the other night and take a short break. It was the first break we had taken in almost fifty hours.  In other words, we’ve been walking non-stop for the past fifty hours without sleep or a proper meal.
‘And we didn’t find it until late, so we only got to rest for four hours.’
Finding a hut is purely a matter of luck. If we’re unlucky, we might not find a single hut in the remaining four days.  That’s why I get excited every time I see a Witch’s Lamp.  It’s better to try everything we can –
“Bjorn.”
Misha, who was leading the way, stopped. I also paused my thoughts and looked ahead.
“An Explorer.”
For the first time since being stranded, we came across a being that wasn’t a monster.  And I still don’t know…
“A Barbarian and a Beastman? Are you two alone?”
Is this a positive variable or a negative one? 