Chapter 65: Field Boss (1)
I slept for a full twelve hours straight.
When I woke up, Misha was sleeping on my stomach, drooling as usual.
“…”
I had plenty of time, so I organized our loot. I checked what was in my backpack and removed the other two members’ gear. Then I stuffed everything into the expandable backpacks. It’s a good thing Misha has one too. I’d shoved so much equipment in there that it felt pretty heavy, even with the lightweight magic.
‘This is enough to make up for all the hardship we’ve endured, right?’
Leaving Misha sleeping, I took out some jerky and chewed on it. She’ll probably wake up and eat if she gets hungry.
Whoosh-!
After finishing my meal, I wiped myself down with a cloth soaked in water. Oh, and I finally shaved.
‘I look like a human again.’
Once I lit all the remaining firewood in the fireplace, I had nothing else to do. So I went outside and sat in the rocking chair. There was a faint scent of blood in the peaceful meadow. I closed my eyes and basked in the sunshine, letting various thoughts drift by.
Suddenly, the image of the religious zealot with his head crushed popped into my mind. But…
‘The entrance is already closed, so I don’t need to worry about that.’
Peaceful.
At least I’m safe as long as I’m here.
Yes, that’s all that matters.
“Bjorn, wake up. You have to eat and sleep, or your stomach will be upset!”
When I opened my eyes, Misha was shaking my shoulder. I checked the clock; fourteen hours had passed since I last looked at it.
“Come on, eat something, even if you don’t feel like it.”
Misha broke off some jerky and bread and held them out to me. I had already eaten something earlier, but I was hungry again, so I obediently accepted it.
“Bjorn, are you going to sleep more?”
“No.”
“Hmm, okay then. Oh, right! How did you know that staying here longer was possible if you put someone inside?”
“I read it in a book.”
“…Do you like smart women, Bjorn?”
“Yes.”
I answered her questions vaguely and finished eating. Then I checked the fireplace. Judging by the fire, it would be less than an hour before it died out.
Click.
I closed the clock and tucked it into my pocket. After stretching my body, which had been asleep for so long, I started to get ready to leave. It was too early to celebrate, but I felt a strange surge of excitement.
‘This day has actually arrived.’
The fifteenth day would begin soon. In other words, if I could just hold out for one more day, I could escape this awful forest and return to the city.
Therefore…
“The Witch’s Hut has been closed.”
“The character will be moved to the Witch’s Forest.”
Focus until the very end. 
Always.
“Bj, Bjorn! What’s happening?”
“Damn it…”
It’s not over until it’s over.
***
“The fifth sacrifice has been offered to the Hut.”
“The sixth sacrifice has been offered to the Hut.”
“The seventh sacrifice has been offered to the Hut…”
“Special Condition - Seven Sacrifices Met.”
“The Chaos Lord Liakis begins to roam the floor.”
***
The moment I exited the Hut, the change in the forest was felt by every organ in my body.
“Field Effect - Witch’s Forest deactivated.”
I could see clearly.
There were no more hallucinations or illusions.
The surroundings were so bright that I could see far into the distance even without a torch.
“Bj, Bjorn…?”
A crimson light was emanating from the ceiling. All the spirit-type monsters that had been abundant throughout the forest had disappeared.
“…”
The silence I was experiencing for the first time since entering the Witch’s Forest.
I bent down and touched the ground.
Thud, thud.
I felt a slight tremor through my fingertips.
There was no need to confirm or deny the situation anymore. 
I knew the reason for this phenomenon.
“…Floor Lord.”
Floor Lord.
A type of field boss monster.
In the game, it was referred to by the proper noun, Floor Master. Each floor had a unique Floor Lord with a different title.
Most of them, except for some floors, were summoned when a trigger was activated…
“Flo, Floor Lord? Don’t, don’t joke around. I heard that there’s no Floor Lord on the third floor!!”
“There is. It’s just that the summoning method is kept secret.”
In the case of the Crystal Cave on the first floor, it was common knowledge that the Floor Lord would appear with a certain probability if five or more people moved together after the third day.
But the Floor Lord of the third floor is different.
Chaos Lord Liakis.
“The floor begins to be corrupted, and all monsters within the floor vanish into chaos.”
“Creatures of chaos awaken from their slumber.”
This guy affects the entire third floor…
“The Chaos Lord Liakis begins to roam the floor.”
Once summoned, it roams the maze and massacres until its death.
To make matters worse, it even prevents inter-floor movement.
“The portal is temporarily deactivated due to corruption.”
This means escaping to another floor is impossible.
Misha turned pale when I explained it.
“Th, then what’s this? If it’s a secret, why is the Floor Lord appearing now?!”
Ah, um, well…
Should I tell her the truth?
I hesitated for a moment, but the decision wasn’t difficult.
“It’s probably because of us.”
It’s better to make her an accomplice here.
She’s our benefactor and all.
It would be more effective for her to keep the secret.
“Us? What are you talking about? You’re the one who burned the bodies in the fireplace!”
Misha drew a line in the sand.
She was so panicked that I could hear her usually slurred pronunciation clearly.
Somehow, I felt hurt.
She used to call me her benefactor and said she would repay me until her last breath.
But if she’s going to act like this, I have no choice.
I had to push her a little.
“Do you think the Guild will believe you? Even if they do, the result will be the same. They’ll want as many sacrifices as possible to quell their anger.”
“Ugh…”
Judging by her reaction, I don’t think I need to threaten her with false testimony and a scapegoat tactic.
“If you understand, then get your head together now. It’ll take a lot of luck to even get out of here alive and return to the city.”
“…Okay then. What should we do now?”
The answer is simple.
“Run.”
We need to get as far away from here as possible.
I never imagined we’d leave this place like this…
‘Going there will be the safest option, right?’
It’s time to leave the Witch’s Forest.
***
Escaping this damned forest is simple.
Now that the [Directionally Challenged] status effect is gone, I can just use the compass and head in one direction.
The problem is that the entire third floor is teeming with new types of monsters.
“Bjorn! Something’s chasing us from behind!”
“Chaos Spirits.”
There are no levels.
They don’t drop gemstones or essence.
But…
“We’ll have to take care of them.”
Chaos Spirits are aggressive monsters. Once you aggro them, they’ll follow you until the end.
“…Can we take them down ourselves?”
Misha looked worried.
It’s understandable, considering ignorance is like death here.
I also learned by dying countless times in the game.
“They have high attack power, but that’s all. One attribute attack should be enough to take them down, so don’t worry.”
“…Are you sure?”
“Yes, I read it in a book.”
“Okay then.”
Reassured by my explanation, Misha gripped her halberd, which was enchanted with holy water.
Then she thrust it towards the Chaos Spirits that were slowly approaching.
Bang-!
The Chaos Spirit exploded with a single strike.
Something like slime stained the floor, turning it black.
“The Chaos Spirit has been destroyed.”
“The location is being corrupted.”
If I step on that ground now, I’ll suffer ongoing chaos damage, but it doesn’t matter.
We’re not here to hunt the Floor Lord.
It’s not even a day old, right?
‘Since the maze will be closed after today, I can just ignore the corruption rate.’
That’s one positive aspect.
The Floor Lord was suddenly summoned…
[00:01]
The fifteenth day has begun.
If we can just hold out for another twenty-four hours, we can leave for the city—
“Hey, hey, hey! Help, help!”
Just as we were about to leave, an explorer was running towards us from afar.
There were no companions with him.
I wasn’t curious about why he was alone.
The dozens of Chaos Spirits trailing him were explaining his situation.
“Bj, Bjorn?”
“What are you hesitating for? Run!”
I grabbed Misha’s wrist and ran in the opposite direction of the man seeking help.
We’ll have to go around a little, but…
What else can we do?
It’s better than the Chaos Spirits aggroing on us.
“Ugh, ah!”
He must’ve reached his limit.
I turned my head after hearing a short scream. The explorer was lying on the ground.
“Save—!”
Damn it, we made eye contact.
“Bj, Bjorn…?”
“Don’t look back.”
I pulled Misha’s wrist and ran forward again.
“No! Don’t, don’t go!”
His desperate scream was drowned out by the wind whistling past our ears.
I muttered to myself, almost as if I were convincing myself.
“Be ruthless. Do you think he would’ve helped us if we were in his position?”
“But… It’s not like we’re responsible for this!”
Well, you can’t argue with that.
‘Damn it…’
I feel dirty.
It’s like every aspect of my being has been scrutinized.
But in the end, this will all just be a fleeting emotion when I look back on it.
…I have to do what needs to be done.
‘This should be enough.’
We had been heading south for a while, but then we turned east. There was corrupted ground and explorer corpses scattered throughout the forest. 
The more I saw them, the faster I ran.
Bang-!
I kept blasting the Chaos Spirits that followed us, and after about an hour of running, the forest came to an end.
A vast plain came into view.
‘I thought it would take at least seven hours…’
Was the place we were at the eastern edge of the forest?
We escaped the forest much sooner than expected.
‘Good luck.’
We quickly crossed the plain and entered the Orc settlement.
After a while…
“Alright, everyone calm down and follow instructions!”
As expected, there were countless people bustling around.
]]] 