Chapter 66: Field Boss (2)
Tier Monarch.
A field boss-like entity that exists on each tier.
These creatures, whose names, attributes, and patterns all differ, share one thing in common.
They are simply impossible to face, regardless of what one does, for explorers at the level of the corresponding tier.
For example, to subjugate the Tier 1 Tier Monarch, an expedition of at least 30 people was required.
Of course, this is assuming everyone is at least a Tier 4 explorer.
That's the absolute minimum number I've heard of.
That's why I was worried.
Misha and me.
If we were to encounter the creature by chance, it would be game over. It's impossible to outrun it at a normal speed.
So where should we go?
What should we do to increase our chances of survival, rather than just trembling in fear, hoping we don't encounter it?
The answer was to head to the Orc settlement.
Just like most of the explorers here.
“Bjorn, why are there so many people here?”
“Because the Dzarwi clan is here.”
The Dzarwi clan is a large clan that operates from Tier 6 and above. The dwarf said they have hundreds of members.
They wouldn't all be gathered in one place at the same time, but…
‘At least 10 teams would have come down here. Even though it's Tier 3, they need that many people to control the hunting grounds.’
Of course, even this force wouldn't be enough to subjugate it.
Well, it's not impossible if they're willing to accept casualties…
But that's only if they know the proper tactics and have spent months preparing.
‘But at least if we're with them, we'll have time to escape if we encounter the Tier Monarch.’
I made a decision based purely on self-interest, leading Misha towards the dense crowd of explorers.
It was quite a strange sight.
“Hey, you! I heard there's a high-ranking mage among you! Please, use the dimensional magic for me! I'll pay you anything…”
“It's you! You guys summoned the Tier Monarch!!”
“Uh, what's going to happen to us? We're a large clan, surely they won't kick us out?”
Some begged.
Others refused to accept reality and looked for someone to blame.
Others tried to calmly assess the situation.
Amidst the clamor of various people, a Dzarwi clan officer spoke.
“Calm down everyone. This place is safe. Our priest has issued a Demonic Banishment, and our scouts are already patrolling the area.”
“The Dzarwi clan, in accordance with the agreement with the royal family and the guild, will do everything in our power to ensure that as many explorers as possible survive and set foot on the city land in this disaster.”
“However! If anyone does not follow our orders or creates any trouble! We have no choice but to take disciplinary action, so please understand this point.”
It was a clean announcement, even though it wasn't exactly eloquent.
The last warning was effective, as those who had been yelling randomly disappeared.
“Well, at least we don't have to worry about getting kicked out.”
“Whew, that's a relief…”
After briefly surveying the surroundings, I found a suitable spot to sit with my back against a tree.
“…Aren't you being too relaxed?”
“There's nothing else we can do.”
When you can rest, you should rest as much as possible.
You never know how the situation might change.
“Hmm, I guess so.”
Misha, apparently convinced, plopped down next to me.
“Misha, just in case, are you good with your ears?”
“I don't know, some people have told me they like my ears.”
What is she even talking about?
“I mean, are you good at hearing things from far away?”
“Oh, I'm pretty good at that.”
“Then listen carefully to their conversation. Don't stare too obviously.”
“Okay.”
Following my instructions, Misha closed her eyes, leaning against the tree.
She kept twitching the three pointy ears on top of her head, as if concentrating.
“Well, I don't know for sure, but they sound like they're fighting.”
“Why?”
“I can't hear that far, so I can't hear clearly. One thing's for sure, they're talking about the Tier Monarch.”
Of course, they would be.
What else could the officers be talking about in this situation?
‘If I get any closer, they'll notice, so this is the best I can do…'
“Just keep eavesdropping for now. Let me know if you hear anything special.”
“Okay.”
Misha switched to eavesdropping mode, then slowly surveyed the surroundings, observing the crowd's reactions.
There was some grumbling and anxiety, but…
The general atmosphere was one of reassurance.
“I was thinking it would be a real kick in the teeth to get kicked out here, but you never know how the world works.”
“Right. A wide-scale Demonic Banishment like this, only a clan like this would have a priest like that.”
“There's nothing else to say but that we were saved by the gods. It's been 10 years since the Tier Monarch appeared in Tier 3, and these guys just happen to be here?”
It didn't matter what the Dzarwi clan had done to occupy the Orc settlement, most of them were satisfied and grateful for the current situation.
Well, not all of them.
“You two, are you only the two of you?”
As I was observing, a man approached me.
He wouldn't be picking a fight here.
“What do you want?”
“Nothing special, just that we should stick together in times like these.”
“Briefly.”
“The Dzarwi clan said they'd protect us, but you never know how things will turn out. Would you like to act together?”
Oh, he wants a temporary alliance.
“There are already about 30 of us. You seem to have lost a companion in this incident, wouldn't it be good to have a place to rely on for a while?”
Before answering, I checked one thing.
“I'm Bjorn, son of Yandel. What's your name?”
“Jack Fletcher.”
Okay, as long as it wasn't Hans, I'm good.
“Fine.”
I'll just say yes for now.
If anything feels wrong, I can just shut up.
It's not like I signed any paperwork.
“As expected of a Barbarian, you're straightforward. I'll be off then. Take your time resting. I'll find you if anything happens.”
“Alright.”
The man left, and two hours passed without any problems.
Thanks to the upper priest's Demonic Banishment, the spirits of chaos couldn't even approach, and there didn't seem to be any variables.
At least not from the outside.
“Misha, wake up.”
I shook Misha awake, who had switched from eavesdropping mode to sleep mode.
“What's wrong?”
Nothing yet.
But if my prediction is right…
“It'll happen soon.”
“What do you mean?”
“Look around. There are way too many people.”
The Dzarwi clan had accepted all the refugees.
And finally, they reached the limit.
The current Demonic Banishment zone is only about twice the size of a schoolyard.
It's even a forest, not an open space.
But there are already over 500 people.
“…We need to stop letting people in.”
“If we take in any more, we won't even have room to sit down.”
“If a monster were to come in under those conditions…”
Selfishness always blooms, feeding off of the situation.
Anxiety spread among those who had come in first, and such claims began to emerge.
“Bjorn, what's going to happen to us now?”
“Well, it depends on how the Dzarwi clan decides.”
To accept them until the limit was reached.
Or to stop taking people in and close the gates.
The clan would have to make a choice.
In fact, shortly after that, there was a new announcement from the clan officers.
“Thanks to the Demonic Banishment, this place has become the only safe zone in Tier 3. It's truly a miraculous event. However…”
To put it succinctly, the content was simple.
“The priest wants you to show reverence to the gods.”
Reverence.
It didn't refer to non-material values like prayer, conversion, or worship.
“1 million stones per person. It must be paid immediately here, and gemstones or other valuables are also acceptable.”
No one believed that was the priest's request.
Well, they probably agreed on it somehow…
But it was definitely the clan members who made the proposal first.
‘They were pretending to be honorable at first, talking about the royal family and the guild, but they ultimately chose profit.’
It would be the same amount of criticism if they stopped accepting refugees, but it wouldn't change the situation.
So they must have decided it would be better to at least make some money.
Naturally, there was bound to be opposition.
“There's no way we have that many gemstones, and ultimately, asking for our equipment in this situation is just telling us to die!”
Jack Fletcher was the one who raised his voice the loudest.
“Our 100-man death squad will never stand idly by as you commit tyranny!”
Jack Fletcher looked around after his powerful shout. I was able to avoid eye contact because I had noticed it earlier and looked away.
But did the other 100 members of the death squad do the same?
“Uh, uh, uh… Someone say something. If we just stay silent, we can't resist their tyranny!”
Jack Fletcher stuttered in confusion.
That was the end of the short protest.
“1 million stones is reverence for the gods, and a protection fee. You might lose a few pieces of equipment, but don't worry, we're here.”
Of course, I worry, you bastard.
Even though the Demonic Banishment is a ridiculously overpowered skill, it's like a piece of paper against the Tier Monarch.
Of course, these were just grievances held inside.
I'm a Barbarian who knows how to compromise.
“Misha, leave the potions and other consumables alone, and take out whatever's as useless as possible to us.”
“Okay.”
We rushed to rummage through our bags, just like the other explorers, looking for anything we could cash in.
We didn't have to take off what we were wearing because we already had equipment looted from the bandits.
‘Ugh, 1 million stones a day just for sleeping on the dirt…'
It's a real shame, but it's a fair price to pay for using the Demonic Banishment.
Besides, didn't he just say it himself?
It's a protection fee too.
“That should be enough, unless they try to haggle the price.”
We gathered a few pieces of equipment from the religious fanatics and finished our preparation for the offering.
However, not everyone was as fortunate as us.
They were Tier 3 explorers, so they could get 1 million stones for what they were wearing, but…
“They want us to starve to death if we don't have this?”
“Just for one day, they want 1 million stones. It's outrageous.”
A considerable number, though not a majority, chose to voluntarily go outside, refusing to pay the protection fee.
The clan didn't stop them.
And they continued to collect protection fees from those who arrived.
At least 300 people.
‘They made at least 300 million stones. In just one day…'
It's practically money copying.
Damn, power really is invincible and godly, isn't it?
I don't know, but even they need to pray to the heavens.
If the Tier Monarch arrives.
That's when the market crash will begin.
‘If I hadn't assumed that situation in the first place, I wouldn't have had to pay the protection fee.’
I always feel like these guys lack imagination.
Of course, they would have a reason for their choice.
They probably thought that Tier 3 is so vast that the chance of encountering the Tier Monarch is lower than the chance of not encountering it.
It's been 15 days, they probably thought they only had to survive for one day.
They probably thought they could do it with this force.
Yeah, that's what they thought.
They only thought about the best case scenario.
They only thought about what was beneficial to them.
But they need to know.
No one knew that the Tier Monarch would be summoned, and that all the explorers on the floor would stop hunting and face this situation.
‘Well, I didn't know either.’
But at least I imagine.
The worst case scenario that could happen to me.
Of course, this imagination is more likely to be wrong than right…
Will it be different this time?
‘I'll know when I see it.’
I quietly closed my eyes.
Then, a time like the calm before the storm passed.
[19:07]
5 hours left until the end of the 15th day.
Drip, drip, drip-drip-
Black rain fell from the ceiling through the trees, staining the ground black.
「This location is being eroded, and the [Demonic Banishment] is being lifted.」
The pure white patterns covering the ground instantly lost their glow.
And also.
[Rooooooooaaar—!!]
A massive beast roared from outside the forest.