Chapter 69: Barbarian Hero (2)
“There’s no one to clear a path right now, so they must be struggling. Give me the Orc Hero’s essence. I’ll clear the path ahead.” 
“Now that I look at it, he’s just crazy.” 
My older brother stares at me with a cold look. 
Only then did I realize something.
“No one to clear a path? What are you talking about? Can’t you see the mages over there?” 
Talking to this guy is a waste of time. 
He’s just a lowly soldier with no knowledge of judgement, and…
He doesn’t seem to understand the situation.
The same goes for the other soldiers who are watching this situation unfold with interest from a distance.
“Half-wit, you come over here. I don’t want to bear the disgrace of leaving my brother behind.”
“B-Björn…?”
I need someone I can talk to. 
For example, the guy above who led the battle with Riakis.
‘That guy would make sense.’
However, it’s not likely that he would bring his superior, even if I politely requested it. 
“Ahem.” 
First, I cleared my throat. 
Then, like a true Barbarian, I shouted with all my might. 
“If you don’t want to die, invest in me! I’ll clear the path—!!”
A shout that couldn’t be ignored, even if you had ears. 
After a short period of time, a man came out. 
***
“What’s your name?” 
“Björn, son of Yandell.” 
“Iraz McGrain, currently holding the position of Deputy Commander of the Dzarwi Clan.” 
He finished introducing himself in an instant and immediately got to the point. 
“Tell me, Björn Yandell. Who told you about us eliminating the Orc Hero?”
Yes, it’s that question, isn’t it?
“I deduced it.” 
“You deduced it…?” 
“Yes.”
Of course, I didn’t understand it at first either. 
Why would a major clan like this come down to control something like an Orc stronghold? 
By carefully combining the clues, I came to a conclusion. 
“If they were really here to hunt down an Orc Warlord, they wouldn’t have such strategic supplies, would they?” 
A major clan? 
So they have that amount of supplies on them at all times?
Well, there’s no way. 
Even if they do, that’s way beyond the norm. This is overboard. 
“Unless their real purpose is different.” 
The 5th-rank monster, Orc Hero. 
A hidden boss summoned when 777 Orc Warlord gemstones are offered to the altar at the center of the stronghold. 
It must have been their target. 
Even with their insane efforts, they wouldn’t be able to catch the ‘Orc Lord’, which appears with an extremely low probability. 
‘They probably had that much supplies in case of an Orc Lord event.’ 
“But it seems the Orc Lord didn’t appear?” 
“Huh, you know that too?” 
McGrain let out a curious exclamation. 
However, he didn’t ask any further questions.
“Now, explain to us why we need you.”
He only said that, leaving out his many questions and curiosity. 
He meant that there was no time to waste. 
I felt an efficiency-obsessed vibe from this guy, so I got straight to the point. 
“I have the Undead Mark and the Vampire’s essence. By the way, it’s from the Rift Guardian.”
“You can use all three abilities.” 
It was the first time I heard of a Vampire coming from the Rift Guardian, but McGrain just nodded and moved on. 
“And?”
“I have the Corpse Golem’s essence. It’s not well-known, but its Pain Resistance stat—”
“No need for a long explanation. You can fight while drinking potions, right?” 
“…That’s right.”
“So, is that all?”
I honestly nodded. He closed his eyes as if organizing his thoughts. As expected of someone suspected of being an efficiency-obsessed person, the time was short.
“Definitely, it’s not bad. No, compared to those two, it’s excellent.”
A completely different reaction from Misha’s older brother, who looked crazy when he said the same thing. 
He even reached a conclusion faster.
“Good. I’ll invest in you.”
“Deputy Commander! That essence is what the nobles requested—!”
Misha’s older brother was saying something about that decision, but…
“Enough! It doesn’t matter if the essence didn’t come out. If we can save a few more people with one essence, isn’t it worth investing in?” 
He immediately brushed aside the protest and continued speaking to me.
“Of course, there’s a condition. If you survive and escape this place, you’ll join our clan.” 
Damn it, I knew it was too easy. 
There was no need to hesitate.
“I refuse.”
Clans are hard to get out of once you join. 
I’m not saying I can’t do it, but it would make me a traitor who doesn’t know gratitude, right? 
Once, I left without paying the ‘withdrawal fee’, and then a raid event occurred in the labyrinth. 
But it’s reality, not a game. 
“Why? It’s a good offer.” 
“I’m not ready to join anyone yet.”
Maybe if I make my own clan in the future. 
There’s no need for me to join as a mere soldier and be restricted in my future actions. 
Well, in a life-or-death situation, there wouldn’t have been another option. 
‘They don’t have any other choices either.’ 
It’s a kind of chicken game. 
A game with a predetermined winner, in fact.
I have my life on the line, but they have 23 lives on their shoulders.
“Refusal, what a pity.” 
“So, what’s your decision?” 
“Alright, I’ll give you that essence.” 
Did he think it was a waste of time to argue? 
McGrain neatly dropped all his hesitations. Then, he had someone bring a box. 
‘This is getting strangely tense.’ 
I tried to calm myself and slowly opened the box.
Click-
There are three Orc Heroes summoned by the gemstone. 
By the way, each one is a named individual with its own unique name. 
In other words, they’re all high-level mutated variants, each with a pretty nasty essence. That’s why, despite being 5th-rank monsters, raiding them as a squad is a must. 
And the important thing here is…
‘Danish? Belta? Tarugas? Which one of them dropped the essence?’
These guys, whom I usually call the Orc Trios, each drop an essence with a specific color.
Danish drops the red essence containing [Roar of Frenzy].
Belta drops the blue essence containing [Banner of Struggle].
Tarugas drops the green essence containing the skill that’s also the core of my shield barbarian training method.
I wonder which one of those three it is. 
“Whew…” 
I opened the box and checked the color of the transparent test tube.
“Green.” 
Luck is on my side. 
Just making me nervous for no reason.
***
「[Orc Hero Essence] has seeped into the character’s soul.」
「Strength increased by +70.」
「Agility increased by +35.」
「Fighting Spirit increased by +40.」
「Physical Resistance increased by +20.」
「Bone Density increased by +30…」
***
The changes came immediately and in a flurry.
There was no external change like with Ainhar, but…
Thump-
As expected of a physical essence, my strength is overflowing. 
Not to mention the increase in strength, the increase in agility has significantly reduced my perceived weight. 
From now on, I can move faster than before, no matter what I do. 
And most importantly…
‘Is this because of Fighting Spirit?’
An urge to wield this power as soon as possible, unlike my usual self, creeps in.
“Take off your equipment first.” 
I obeyed and removed my equipment. 
While I was doing that, someone spoke from beside me. 
“By the way, how did you know we had a request?” 
“I didn’t know.” 
“…You didn’t know? Then, how did you so confidently ask for the essence?” 
They wouldn’t have known which essence would come out either. 
I expected they would put it in a test tube and decide later who would get the essence. 
It wouldn’t be a big burden for them to pay for a test tube.
“Hmm, now that you mention it, that’s true.” 
“Is that all you want to ask?”
“For now, yes. We don’t have time, do we?”
As soon as I put my removed equipment in my backpack and handed it to Misha, McGrain handed me a stack of scrolls. 
I didn’t bother asking what they were. 
I just held them in my hand and ripped them apart with a ‘zip’ sound. 
「Character used a Physical Defense Assist Scroll.」
「Physical Resistance stat temporarily increased by +10.」
「Character used a Superior Stamina Assist Scroll.」
「Stamina decrease rate temporarily reduced.」
「Character used a Stamina Regeneration Assist Scroll.」
「Stamina regeneration rate temporarily greatly increased… 」
Auras of various colors, shining faintly on my skin, thanks to the effects of various scrolls. 
“Now, drink these.”
After the scrolls, it was potions.
「Character drank a Strength Strengthening Potion.」
「Strength stat temporarily increased by +10.」
「Character drank Spirit’s Tears.」
「All Elemental Resistance stats temporarily increased by +15.」
「Character drank a Basilisk Flask.」
「Pain Resistance stat temporarily increased by +15… 」
Damn it, is this the power of money?
“Honestly, I can’t get used to it.” 
“Hmm, it’s a problem if you’re like this.”
“…I agree.”
The real doping hasn’t even begun yet. 
McGrain gave a signal, and the support-type explorers cast their abilities.
「Aaron Diplane cast [Heroic Blessing].」
「Character’s Magic Resistance greatly increased.」
「Aaron Diplane cast [Regenerative Flame].」
「Character’s physical regeneration greatly increased.」
「Tarotes Pian cast [Sacrificial Ritual].」
「Character’s threat level greatly increased and… 」
Every time a new kind of power is bestowed upon me, an unknown thrill runs through my body. 
It feels like I’m an emperor. 
But it’s not enough. 
To break through the darkness filled with Riakis’s clones, I need to become more than an emperor. I need to become a monster.
“Now, it’s your turn.”
He gestured, and Misha’s older brother came closer. 
He couldn’t say anything in front of the Deputy Commander, but he seemed to be unhappy about something. 
Actually, it was the same for both of us.
“Whatever ability you absorb, his will be the most helpful.” 
“That’s right.” 
To make a rational judgement, I need to discard my personal feelings. 
Therefore, I bit Misha’s older brother’s neck. 
“Kuh.” 
I bit hard enough to taste the bitter blood.
「Character cast [Master of Blood].」
Vampire’s active skill [Master of Blood]. 
The effect is simple.
「Temporarily absorbs Talon Kalstain’s passive skill [Unholy].」
By sucking blood directly from the mouth, you can randomly absorb one of the target’s skills.
“You took it, seeing as your eye color has changed.” 
“I know without you explaining it.”
[Unholy].
A passive skill that decreases the maximum essence by -1 but increases the performance of all active skills by 1.5 times. 
“You’re quite lucky.” 
I agree wholeheartedly, but please don’t say that. It feels like something awful is going to happen later on. 
“So, shall we begin?” 
I nodded. 
Then, I slowly imagined and activated the skill. 
The skill I obtained through the Orc Hero essence. 
「Character cast [Gigantification].」
Suddenly, the ground gets further away, and the people around me shrink.
「Character’s physique increases, and threat level and physical stats increase proportionally to size.」
The so-called Barbarian Hero mode. 
My powerful appearance attracts the attention of everyone around me. 
“Oh my… ”
“That’s… a real monster.” 
As a sign of respect, McGrain took off his own cloak and that of his adjutant and handed them to me. 
“…It’s best to cover yourself with this for now.”
I agreed, so I quickly accepted them and tied them around my waist. 
That completes the preparation for departure.
“We only have about 30 minutes left. Will you be able to do it?”
Do it?
I barely managed to control my overflowing power and shouted. 
“Behel—laaaaaaaa!!”
Nothing is impossible for me now. 
***
「Björn Yandell」
Level: 3
Physical: 310 (New +155) / Mental: 104 (New +12) / Ability: 115
Item Level: 683
Overall Combat Power: 695.75 (New +167)
Acquired Essence: Corpse Golem - Rank 7 / Vampire (Guardian) - Rank 5 / Orc Hero - Rank 5
]]] 