Chapter 7: Give and Take (3)
I’m snoring right now.
Loudly, imagining a barbarian who’s fallen asleep after a hard day’s work.
*Rrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr!*
…Hmm, maybe I’m overdoing it?
Just as I’m getting a little worried, I hear a chuckle.
“…Such a curious race, aren’t they.”
I guess I’m playing it up well.
It’s not that I’m a good actor, but more of a racial advantage.
People perceive barbarians as simple and stupid.
So, even if it wasn’t a matter of the demonic spirits, I always acted like a barbarian.
A kind of 笑裏藏刀, a blade hidden in a smile.
Like hiding a knife behind a smile, I use their preconceived notion of my innocence as a weapon to see through their stomachs.
…That sounds a little too edgy.
In the end, it simply means it’s easier to get a read on them.
Like this.
*Rrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr!*
I even scratch my belly for a more realistic performance, hunching over to the side.
While doing so, I pay close attention to every move the old man makes.
If he’s got something up his sleeve, he’ll make a move, now that I’ve shown this much vulnerability.
Or, he might just sleep through it.
Honestly, I’m not sure I can sleep in this state.
“Bjorn, it’s your turn to stand guard.”
Oh, hmm… I didn’t realize I wouldn’t be able to sleep even for a moment.
“Don’t get too complacent just because no goblins have appeared so far. They’re cunning creatures.”
Maybe he doesn’t trust me, so he uses this roundabout way of telling me to stand guard properly, just like before, and then he lays down comfortably.
And falls asleep again within five minutes.
Frustration washes over me.
I should’ve just slept. What the hell have I been doing for the past two hours?
Damn it.
Is it because of this stranger beside me?
Even though I’ve decided he’s trustworthy, I can’t sleep at all.
I wish I’d just stayed awake, watching out for goblins, and slept a little on my own.
At least I would’ve gotten some rest then.
“Ugh…”
I’m exhausted; I feel like I’m going to die from sleep deprivation.
I’m even sleepier because the old man’s asleep right now.
But it’s my turn, so I try to ward off the sleepiness by thinking about other things. Then, someone calls my name.
“Bjorn, wake up.”
“…I wasn’t asleep.”
“You should try wiping the drool off your chin.”
I wipe it with the back of my hand, and it’s really wet.
“You must’ve slept standing up, since you weren’t snoring.”
Apparently, I really did fall asleep.
It was only for a short time, but I was ten minutes away from my shift change.
…My heart sinks.
However, before I can blame my own complacency, there’s something I need to do first.
I sincerely apologized.
“I’m sorry.”
This isn’t an act of being a barbarian, it’s genuine.
The night companion is a kind of business relationship. But even though the old man provided a safe environment while he stood guard, I didn’t do the same.
It’s only natural to apologize.
Even to avoid becoming the kind of person I despise most.
“…Thankfully, there were no problems while I was sleeping, so I won’t say anything more.”
“Thank you. You can sleep longer if you want. I’ll stand guard another round.”
“No, that won’t do. It’s your turn, so sleep. Give me the watch back.”
He could’ve blamed me, but he smiled kindly and forgave me.
So I didn’t hesitate any longer and went back to my spot, crouching down.
As expected, I couldn’t sleep.
I felt a strange sense of respect for the old man and all the other explorers. To trust someone you just met with your life?
They must have incredible guts.
It’s simply too much for me.
That’s why, without fail, I began snoring again.
*Rrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr!*
I couldn’t help it.
Sorry, old man, but I started to find you more suspicious.
*Rrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr!*
How his face seemed kind, like a con artist’s.
How the old man was the one who first suggested we not save the other members.
How he didn’t complain about the smell.
It doesn’t matter, really.
Just now, the old man didn’t blame me for sleeping.
He even refused the offer of a second round of sleep.
Of course, maybe I’m just crazy, and he really is just a kind person.
But I find kind guys the most suspicious.
“I’ve always been hit hardest in the back by these guys.”
If it had been me back in the day, I’d have relaxed around this point.
I won’t make the same mistake.
It’s a matter of intelligence.
*Rrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr-rrrrrrrrrr!*
If he’s that suspicious, wouldn’t it be better to just cut things short and leave?
Even with these thoughts, I kept snoring.
How long had it been?
*Click.*
A small, but alien sound appears.
A backpack buckle? A belt? Or maybe a shoe heel?
I didn’t even have a clue where the sound originated.
But as soon as I became aware of it, the barbarian body within me unconsciously interpreted it.
Danger.
Is this the killing intent they talk about in martial arts novels?
Goosebumps erupt all over my skin.
Immediately, I open my eyes and check ahead.
“You’re awake.”
The old man was still smiling kindly.
With a two-handed hammer, covered in goblin blood and flesh, raised above his head.
Shit.
Dodge!
The warrior body I was raised in made a decision faster than I could.
Before my brain could give the command, my body was already rolling across the floor.
*Kwaaang!*
I hear something shattering right in front of me, and I quickly get up, using the momentum to regain my balance.
“Ugh!”
The old man is surprised, his fatal sneak attack having failed.
Instead of asking why, I charge forward.
“Wait, wait!”
Is he trying to make excuses? Saying it was an accident? Saying he was just stretching? If it’s really the case, it’s a little, no, very funny.
Damn it, just how stupid do they think barbarians are?
*Pew!*
A smash with the shield lands squarely on the old man’s jaw.
However, a healthy human was different from a goblin.
The old man staggered but didn’t fall.
Then again.
*Pew!*
Smash.
“Kyaaaak!”
*Clang!* The hammer in the old man’s hand falls to the ground with a metallic sound.
Blood is pouring out of his nose, already red and swollen.
…Ouch, that must hurt.
I think it, but I don’t let my guard down.
I want to be the kind of guy who doesn’t know about such things.
So, once more—
“St, stop! I can, explain…!”
“Smash.”
The old man, having been repeatedly hit in the face with a shield, finally collapses to his knees.
In terms of a game, he’s incapacitated.
That means we can talk now.
“Old man.”
“I, I made a mistake! Please spare me!”
Is he asking for forgiveness?
He’s quick to judge, but I can’t say he’s wise.
That’s not the kind of conversation I want right now.
“Why did you do that?”
“Th, the magic stone. I wanted it… I was only going to knock you out and steal it. Believe me!”
Believe you, my ass.
If I was that full of humanity, I’d have a few more friends.
“The shield! You were going to take that too!”
I slowly raise the shield, and the old man quickly adds something.
It’s the deciding factor in my distrust of humans.
They lie too easily.
Even when they can’t fool you properly.
“Why the shield?”
“…Barbarian weapons are high quality. I was planning to sell it in the city.”
Indeed, the weapons barbarians get in the tutorial are mostly expensive.
Because the weight of the steel is far higher than ordinary weapons.
Even my shield is made of solid steel.
But even so, to kill someone just to get this?
Hmm, thinking about it, it’s not entirely unbelievable.
However…
“Bullshit.”
This old man is hiding something.
“Tell me the truth. Why did you do it?”
I press down on his chest with my foot, like I did with the fallen goblin.
“Ugh!”
Fear is deeply etched into the old man’s eyes.
But maybe it’s because he was trying to kill me?
I don’t feel much of anything, which is strange.
I sort of understand why they say you shouldn’t look into the eyes of a cow when you slaughter it…
But I can just ignore that feeling.
I was about to end the conversation when the old man shouted.
“He, heart!”
“Heart?”
An unexpected word.
I look at him with an inquisitive expression, and the old man, with a look of resignation, continues.
“…Barbarian hearts are selling for a high price.”
“Why?”
“I, I don’t know much about it. But they say it’s used as a material for a newly developed magic.”
“I see.”
Now I understand the motivation.
I was a goblin to this old man.
Difficult to catch, but if you do, you get a huge reward.
“Why did you act now, not when you were sleeping the first time?”
“…I need sleep too.”
Ah, I see.
You were trying to both sleep and earn money.
I thought you were careful, but you’re just an efficiency fanatic.
“You’ve told me everything, so please forgive me…”
“Forgive?”
Honestly, I can only laugh.
Forgiveness?
That’s not something a guy who tried to take my magic stone, equipment, and even my heart should be saying.
If my reaction had been even a little slower, I wouldn’t even have had the chance to beg for my life.
“Please…”
Of course, he wants to live. Did he think he’d end up like this? I have to commend him for his attitude.
But.
“Old man, you have to pay the price, right?”
I hate it most when people screw things up and then try to avoid responsibility.
That’s why…
“I, I’ll give you everything! I don’t have much right now, but once we return to the city…”
I can’t believe it.
In that respect, I don’t even know what sets this old man apart from the goblins.
I couldn’t be friends with goblins, but at least this old man had the potential to be.
That’s the only difference, and it makes him even more vicious.
Of course, this is just a subjective opinion, and I don’t make decisions based on emotion.
I can’t always do that, but I try.
“I’ll probably meet a lot of people like you in the future. They’ll all say the same things. Should I forgive them every time?”
Forgiveness is a scary word.
Sometimes, that act of kindness can turn into a dagger and stab you in the back.
I know that better than anyone.
That’s why I had no choice this time.
In this primal world, mistakes don’t just hurt your feelings; they threaten your life.
“Sorry, old man. I’ve been stabbed in the back too many times, so I can’t do that.”
“No, no! That’s not true! I’m different!”
Come to think of it, goblins used to say that too.
It was just my interpretation based on their eyes, but anyway.
What did I do then?
*Clank.*
I lift the shield high, gripping it with both hands.
However, I hesitate for a moment.
Of course, the moment of hesitation didn’t last long.
I feel an unknown force pulling my arms, and
“No, don’t!”
I slam the shield down with all my might.
*Crack,* the sound of bones breaking, followed by a heavy silence.
*Achievement Unlocked*
Condition: First Kill
Reward: Mental stat permanently increased by +1
I accepted the fact that I had committed this act without turning away.
It was about a day since I entered the game world.
I killed a man.
And I gained a giant hammer, shoulder pads, leather boots, compass, knife, pocket watch, water bottle, backpack, blanket, herbs and bandages, a potion, 6 days’ worth of food and snacks, and 32 9th grade magic stones. 