Chapter 71: Barbarian Hero (4)
[Bait]
The target caught in this falls into a state of incapacitation.
It's easy to think of it as a kind of curse.
However, the difference is...
'Riachis' aggro will be fixed on the [Bait].'
In other words, I need to put some distance between us before he wakes up.
That's the only way to increase the odds.
As I prepared to leave, MacGrane casually asked Misha.
"Aren't you going to leave her behind?"
"Of course not."
What kind of question is that?
I chuckled, as if his words weren't worth listening to, and MacGrane nodded, seemingly pleased.
"Valuing comrades is also an important virtue for an explorer. You know, you really wouldn't consider joining our clan?"
"No."
"Even if we were to protect that woman together?"
"...Still no."
"Hmm, that's a shame. If you were the one designated as [Bait], you wouldn't have a choice."
That's true.
Misha, there's no way she could carry me for fifteen minutes and escape on her own. She would have chosen to live even if it meant taking the risk of joining the clan.
But she is an explorer after all, isn't she?
Saying that to her face is just so psychopathic.
"Anyway, the deal is off here. We're leaving, so if we get the chance, we'll see you in the city sometime."
"If you survive to return, that is."
"Well, for anyone else, I don't know, but you're definitely capable. I have a feeling about it."
Ugh, please stop putting flags in my way.
I thought it might be a helpful suggestion, but it was a waste of time—
"May your journey be somewhat easier. Let's go! Why are you all still standing there?"
MacGrane shouted to his clan members, and as if they had been waiting, light began to emanate from various parts of the group.
"Daniel Carmain has cast [Wind's Blessing]."
"Character's movement speed increases significantly."
"Tarotes Piyan has cast [Navigation]."
"Character's soul power regenerates faster."
"Aaron Diplane has cast [Regenerating Flame]."
"Character's physical regeneration rate increases significantly..."
"..."
"..."
Is this what loyalty is?
They must have nearly depleted their MP escaping from there, yet they still offer us this kindness.
I firmly rejected taking Misha with them, but in this situation, it's probably best to simply say thank you.
"...Thank you."
"Thank us? Don't you dare die. If you die, that thing will come after us."
MacGrane, true to his efficient nature, uttered those words and began to prepare to depart with his clan members.
I'm just carrying her and securing her bag so it doesn't fall off, but they must be doing much more than that.
"Well, we'll be off then."
"Right. If you go first, we'll go in the opposite direction."
You're really always so logical, old man.
There's nothing more to be upset about, so I chuckled and carried Misha off in one direction.
[Grrrrrr—!]
Soon, I could hear the monster's roar in the distance.
***
I'm being chased.
Hanging like a piece of luggage on the back of a barbarian.
Running away from a fearsome monster called Riachis, the Chaos Lord, or whatever he is.
"Huu, huu, huu..."
My body is burning.
Not a metaphor, but literally.
Like oil poured onto a bonfire, the heat he exudes as he runs fills my skin.
[Grrrrrr—!]
I can't turn my stiff body to look back.
But I can hear it.
The spine-chilling roar is getting closer and closer.
"Bjorn, son of Yandell."
So I called his name.
He didn't respond, perhaps he didn't hear me.
So I called out a little louder.
"Bjorn, son of Yandell!"
"Speak."
"Just stop now."
I'm not stupid.
This monster is chasing me, not Bjorn.
That's why everyone looked at me with those eyes.
Even my own family, bound by blood.
Because my very existence is a burden.
"What do you mean?"
He asked.
In the same tone he always uses, as if he doesn't understand, as if he's asking why I'm bothering him with pointless questions.
So I answered in my usual way, trying to sound cheerful.
"It's enough, isn't it? If this keeps up, you'll die too. We're not that close, are we?"
He didn't answer.
So I shouted a little louder.
"You would have died long ago if it wasn't for you! Be, besides, I achieved my lifelong dream in the end!"
His answer came after a slight pause.
"That's funny."
"...What?"
"You have absolutely no desire to die, so why are you saying things you don't mean?"
His voice was somehow sarcastic.
As if I had made a careless mistake, I found myself making excuses.
"I don't mean it, I really—!"
"You're just afraid of being abandoned."
At that moment, I felt like I had been hit right between the eyes.
Perhaps that's why?
My voice grew louder.
"Why can't you understand! I just don't want to be a burden anymore!"
"So that feeling is more important than your life?"
"..."
I was speechless, just from one simple question.
I've felt this before, but why is this barbarian so eloquent?
I don't know, but he said, with a hint of annoyance.
"Stop beating around the bush and making a nuisance of yourself. If you want to live, just ask me to save you. At least then you'll have a chance."
Barbarian-style, simple words.
But I kind of understand what he's trying to say.
From the time we got lost in the witch's forest, he has shown me how to judge and act for survival.
'He must think I'm pathetic...'
He always said.
Do what you have to do if you want to live.
So what do I have to do now?
Well, I don't know, but whining to someone who says they'll help because I'm afraid of being abandoned by my family isn't the answer.
"Bjorn."
I called out to him again.
I'm starting to get it.
What I had to do.
"If you save me, I'll follow you forever and help you."
If I was truly afraid of being abandoned. The right thing to do would be to do something to avoid being abandoned.
Only...
"I think I heard that before."
His answer made me realize my mistake, and my head went numb.
Uh, what do I say then?
I didn't have much time to think.
"If I survive and return, I'll give you all the money I earned on this expedition! How about that?"
He chuckled and replied.
"Much better."
***
"I, I'm glad you like it..."
A sigh of relief came from behind me.
I sighed in a different way and pushed myself harder into the run.
Ugh, at least I think I've calmed her down mentally.
If she has any sense, she'll stop being a nuisance.
'The real problem starts now...'
I quickly glanced back over my shoulder.
I could see hundreds of chaos spirits chasing after me.
Of course, they're not a big problem.
They have a tendency to follow you once they've been aggroed, but they're slow.
Unlike that bastard.
[Grrrrrr—!]
We started at least 3 kilometers apart, yet he's already this close.
At this rate, he'll catch up within five minutes.
Of course, that's assuming we keep this pace.
"[Wind's Blessing] effect has expired."
"[Navigation] effect has expired."
"[Berserker] effect has expired..."
"..."
It's the biggest problem I'm facing.
The various buffs the Dzarwi clan gave me have started to expire one by one.
The vitality that was infused into my body is slowly fading away.
My steps are becoming slower, I can even feel it myself now.
'It'll only last another 3 minutes, at most.'
I use my knowledge as an old pro to reassess the variables and adjust my plans.
It's a good thing I received the [Navigation] buff, which increases soul power regeneration, or I wouldn't even have been able to sustain this for a minute.
"Misha, what's the time?"
I mumbled, and Misha, who had already grabbed the clock, answered urgently.
"Uh, 56 minutes!"
"Precisely."
"196 seconds left!"
Yeah, a little over 3 minutes left.
Until this damn maze closes.
"If you're bored, just stare at it and count."
"Oh, okay! One-nine-six, one-nine-five..."
As Misha acts as a timer, counting down the seconds, I go into my final sprint.
I let out a battle cry that's become second nature.
"Behel—raaaaaaaa!"
As if my ancestors are pushing me forward, my body speeds up.
"One-seven-six, one-seven-five..."
With every tick of the clock, the amount of rain falling increases.
And the number of enemies blocking my path also grows.
So the task at hand has changed.
Until now, I was just focusing on running, regardless of whether the monsters followed or not...
But now, I have to clear a path.
"It'll sting a little."
Didn't she hear me because she was focused?
Or did she think her job was more important than anything else?
It's probably the latter.
That's why Misha didn't respond to my words.
"Chaos Spirit has been destroyed."
"Area is being corrupted."
The chaos spirits explode, spraying ichor everywhere after being struck by the mace blessed with holy water.
One must have hit her skin, but Misha remains focused on counting.
As if it's the only thing she can do.
"One-six-five!"
So I do my part to the best of my ability.
I crush the waves of chaos spirits, sometimes leaping over them with my giant body.
[Grrrrrr—!]
I'm pouring all my energy into putting distance between myself and that bastard.
Was that why?
"One-two-zero, one-one-nine, one-one-eight..."
My right arm, which holds the mace, is tingling from all the ichor I've been coated in.
Damn, is it a 'paralysis' status effect?
I quickly make a decision and swap the mace and shield.
"Nin, ninety!"
Suddenly, I feel a blast of heat from behind me.
I don't need to see to know what it is.
'It must be a breath attack.'
Luckily, I'm not seriously injured.
In fact, since the attack hit behind me, it likely destroyed quite a few of the chaos spirits that had been aggroed to me.
But it's too early to celebrate.
The fact that he used a breath attack means I'm in his attack range.
"Seventy-five..."
1 minute and 15 seconds left.
Following his breath attack, he finally launches a direct attack at me.
Kwaang-!
A massive foreleg slams down on the spot where I was standing.
My barbarian combat instincts kick in, and I manage to dodge to the side in time...
"Seventy-four..."
I quickly turn my head forward, and I see him blocking my path.
A massive body, 30 meters in diameter.
The sheer sight of him is enough to break any will to fight.
Even the 'fighting spirit' of an Orc Hero is useless against him.
Thump, thump, thump, thump!
My heart is pounding like crazy.
It's no wonder.
I can use all the old pro knowledge I want, but there's no way to guarantee survival against this thing in my current state.
As if instinctively sensing this, Misha stops counting.
"Bj, Bjorn. That's enough."
Ugh, are we doing this again?
I thought I was done with the whining.
[Grrrrrr—!!]
I see the beast roar right in my face, and I immediately turn and run back.
It's still loud behind me.
"Can't you hear me! Go ahead and run away, even if it means leaving me behi— "
I firmly interrupt her.
"Stop."
You need to say something that makes sense.
"I'm not going to leave you to die."
Abandon you now?
Then who's going to pay for the Frost Spirit Ring I invested in?
"What am I even saying... Why are you doing this for me...?"
I jump over a group of chaos spirits and answer briefly.
"Didn't we already make a promise?"
A pact of comrades.
A promise to help each other.
At least, I can't afford to not get my money's worth out of him.
"Promise? You're going to die with me because of some silly promise?"
Misha shouts, as if she can't understand...
"Who said we're going to die?"
I'm going to live.
I'm going to take all the rewards I can get, like the efficient person I am.
I'm going to return to the city outside this maze.
Of course, it's going to be hell, but...
There's nothing particularly unusual about it.
I've never gotten what I wanted without risk —
Kwaang-!
A massive foreleg slams down from above me.
I try to dodge, but it's a bit late.
"Bj, Bjorn! Your arm..."
The arm holding the mace is torn off.
It wasn't a claw, but it was literally torn off.
But I don't have time to worry about that right now.
"What's the time?"
"Lea, leave me. No. You'll die too, that's for sure..."
Her voice is shaking, as if she's panicking.
I charge forward with all my might and shout.
"Misha Calstain! Tell me the time!"
"...60 seconds! 60 seconds left!!"
Okay, just another minute.
'I guess the free ride ends here.'
I stop running.
I turn around and face that massive bastard.
My instincts are still screaming at me.
To run away.
But I decide.
There's no way I can escape now that we're this close.
"Yes, you were right. If I die, that thing will..."
If I try to escape, it will eventually reach me anyway.
Just look at what happened a moment ago.
If I hadn't turned and run, I might have been able to dodge without losing my arm.
So I run forward.
"Ack! Wh, what are you doing!"
"If you have time to whine, you can count the time."
I ignore Misha's complaints.
Hoping that my ancestor's blessing will lend a hand, even slightly.
"Behel—raaaaaaaa!"
I don't run in the opposite direction from that massive bastard, I run towards him.
And in that moment.
"Fi, fifty-five..."
Misha starts counting again, perhaps her mind has changed.
And that massive bastard opens his maw, spewing flames.
It was the moment my decision was proven right.
"Fifty-four..."
If I had followed my instincts and run away.
Then my future would have been nothing but getting roasted with Misha.
But I didn't run away.
That's why...
"Fi, fifty-three!!!"
I managed to slide under his crotch, dodging out of his range.
"Fifty-two!!!"
Before I can even get up from my slide, he brings his back leg down, which serves as his center of gravity.
Kwaang-!
I roll to the side to dodge.
But he immediately steps back and uses his front leg to slash.
"Fi, fi, fi, fifty..."
I lower my head and dodge.
I've been watching the Dzarwi clan carefully, so I know his attack patterns.
"Forty-nine."
Stomp.
I jump sideways, like a grasshopper, to dodge.
"Thirty."
Slash.
I flatten myself against the ground like a bug or roll under his crotch.
"Twenty-six..."
He swings his tail. I jump with all my might.
I'm just copying what the Dzarwi clan's warriors have been doing for hours against him.
He essentially has only three physical attack options, besides breath attacks or dark orbs.
Well, he'll get a new pattern after he kills the [Bait], but...
"Twenty."
No way.
[Grrrrrr—!]
He lets out a fierce roar.
Is he angry? He's attacking more ferociously.
"Seventeen."
He wants to throw in a different attack, so he swings his tail twice in a row.
"Sixteen."
I leap upwards like I'm jumping rope.
But I don't jump high enough.
Pwak-!
I hit my ankle on his tail, and my body twists out of balance.
"Fifteen... Ack!"
My body spins in mid-air as I fall.
I manage to roll on the ground and get up quickly, but my ankle is completely shattered.
Just then, he brings his front leg down.
"..."
I roll to the side again.
But I can sense it.
I'm a step behind.
This is it, I might die—
Kwaang-!
Damn, what the hell?
For once, my bad feeling is wrong.
"Character's soul power is insufficient."
"[Gigantification] effect ends."
My body is cut in half.
I turn my head to the side and see a massive footprint right in front of me.
If I had been a second late, my head would have been splattered like a watermelon on the ground.
Thud.
I get up quickly, feeling dizzy.
I can feel the pain in my shattered left ankle, but I can ignore it for now.
'10 seconds left?'
I count in my head, since Misha seems to have passed out from that tail whip and fall.
'9.'
Things are not looking good.
'8.'
The chaos spirits have gathered around me, narrowing my range of movement.
And my ankle is broken, so I'm slow.
So...
'7.'
I jump up onto the front leg that he just slammed down.
'6.'
But he's bound to thrash around to shake me off...
'5.'
I grab his hide with my one remaining arm and my barbarian teeth.
There's no way this is going to work.
Kwaang-!
He slams his foot into the ground again, throwing me back with the recoil.
Amazingly, he quickly catches me with his other foot as I'm airborne.
Fwooosh—
He lets out a happy snort as he finally catches his prey.
His open mouth is moving closer.
With those monstrous teeth, even a lythium armor wouldn't stand a chance, just one bite.
But...
"You're too late, little guy."
This is a maze, with monsters, and dead monsters drop items and disappear.
"The maze is closing."
My vision blurs.
Darkness envelops me.
I dimly see him in the center of it all, and I think.
'Chaos Lord Riachis.'
He's just as awful as he looks in the game.
He didn't even reach his second phase, yet I couldn't do anything but run and get beaten up.
But...
If I see him again —
[Grrrrrr—!!!!!]
Things will be different next time.
***
"Character is teleported to Raphdonia."
***
When I opened my eyes, I saw light.
It was a cloudy day, but it was still a brilliant light, nothing like the maze.
'I'm alive...'
Misha, as if enjoying the warmth of the light, closed her eyes for a moment, then sat up quickly.
'Bjorn! What happened to Bjorn?'
She regained her senses and looked around the dimensional square. The atmosphere was different from usual.
"A priest! Get a priest!!"
"Ju, just hold on! We're back in the city!!"
Injured people rushing around.
Their pleas for help.
"What the hell happened?"
"I don't know, I asked the guild staff, but they're too busy to respond."
Those who didn't know about the incident were whispering, confused.
It's understandable.
It's common to barely survive when a maze closes, but it's rare to have this many injured people at once.
"Did you hear? Apparently, a floor boss appeared on the third floor."
"What? A floor boss?"
"...Then all those people must have been explorers from the third floor."
Misha slowly got to her feet, her body aching all over.
"Hey! You must have been on the third floor too. Just sit down and rest—"
A male explorer approached, but Misha ignored him, pushing past him and walking on.
"Out of my way."
Rest? Get treatment?
Those are all good, but there's something else I need to do first.
So I continued pushing through the crowded dimensional square.
Just then.
"That guy's going to die soon."
"Even if he's a barbarian, he's... in that state..."
Barbarian.
Suddenly, I heard that word nearby and was drawn to it like a moth to a flame.
I pushed through the crowd of onlookers, making my way to the center. As they said, there was a barbarian there.
"Bjorn..."
I slowly approached him.
One arm torn off, his left ankle bent at an unnatural angle.
And black ichor covering his entire body.
I didn't need to see what happened after I passed out.
He must have fought desperately.
For survival, like he always does.
"Don't get too close! A priest is coming, just leave him be—"
I understand why everyone is standing back and watching.
I didn't answer, I just went up to him and leaned down to his ear.
The ichor touched my cheek, making it sting...
But I couldn't help but exhale in relief.
Ssshh, ssshh.
He was breathing regularly, like a baby in deep sleep.
"Ha, it was just a nap. You scared me..."
My arms and legs feel weak.
But I gather my strength and carefully wipe off the ichor from his body.
So he can rest comfortably.
"Don't worry, a priest is coming. Just rest."
I wiped the ichor from his face, and I could finally see his expression properly.
It looked so peaceful.
As if he had finished everything he needed to do.
Suddenly, I remembered what one of the mages had said.
"[If Valkan, who was called the Barbarian Hero, returned alive, he would look something like that...]"
It was what the mage had said when he was marveling at Bjorn for opening the path.
Of course, Misha didn't know who Valkan was.
But...
"I think I understand what he meant."
If there was a hero, he would definitely look like this.
]]] 