Chapter 73: Ghostbusters (2)
In a quiet office, a man sipped his tea and mumbled.
“Little Balkan… ” 
It was a story that piqued his interest after a long time. How many explorers would gain a title after only three months? At least since he took on this mission, it had only happened a handful of times.
“Interesting.” 
Even the essence records he confirmed through the guild were intriguing.  Most explorers start with 9th-grade essence and slowly ascend the ranks.
But what about this guy?
A corpse golem, a vampire, and now an Orc Hero’s essence?
“It’s beyond simply good luck.” 
He was using what they called a cheat code. 
Well, if you look back in history, you’ll find quite a few who left behind comparable footprints. 
This world definitely has those born with special destinies, talents, and luck. 
“I wonder what this guy has… ” 
Most of those individuals are recorded as heroes or great men in later generations, receiving praise.
What about this barbarian then?
At least from what he’s shown so far, he seems to have enough potential.
Of course, his foundation needs to be proven first. 
“I need to check this out before he gets any smarter.” 
This case would require more caution and careful consideration than usual. 
***
A luxurious tavern with rooms.
As he opened the door, a dwarf sitting on a dwarf-only chair and Dwalki greeted him enthusiastically.
“Oh, you’re here! Sit down! Haha!” 
“Thank goodness you both are safe.”
He sat down opposite Misha, who came with them.
“Where’s Lothmiller?”
“He’s not here yet. He’ll be here soon.”
As they ordered food and chatted about trivial matters, Lothmiller arrived.
It was 8 pm.
Was it some kind of occupational hazard that he always arrived exactly on time?
“Bjorn, Calstain. It’s good to see you safe.”
“No, Lothmiller, it’s good to see you safe. I heard you got injured escaping… ”
“Ugh, I feel guilty about that. If I hadn’t been injured back then, I wouldn’t have left you there…” 
“Stop it.” 
He cut him off before he could start wallowing in self-pity.
“Why don’t you sit down? The food’s here.”
“…Alright.”
Once Lothmiller sat down, the entire team was finally reunited.
It was a miracle that everyone had survived, considering how their team was torn apart in the maze.
“Truly, it must be God’s protection that kept us safe.”
Lothmiller’s silly remark kicked off the real conversation.
Naturally, the main topic was their recent activities.
“So, Hikurod, what happened on your side?” 
“Oh, that?”
The dwarf calmly explained what had happened in the maze in chronological order.
They were ambushed immediately after they parted ways. Lothmiller was injured, but he managed to defeat the enemy scout with a counterattack and escaped.
It was no different from what they heard in the cabin, but since the dwarf was the speaker, they got to hear more details.
“I used [Emergency Restoration] to activate the ‘Guardian’s Wrist Guard’ again to create an opportunity.”
As expected, he used that combo.
“Wow, I didn’t know you could combine a number item with your ability like that.”
“Haha, I’m not that great. It’s all the wisdom passed down from my ancestors.”
[Emergency Restoration] is a skill that doesn’t repair equipment but reverts it to its state 5 minutes ago.
This applies to number items as well.
It does consume more MP than usual, though. 
‘Wisdom of the ancestors… ’
As befitting the Dwarves, who prioritize number items, it seems related tips are passed down within the clan. 
Anyway, the rest of the story went like this:
“We ran far away first, then healed Lothmiller. Then we tried to find you… ”
They were too far apart, and Lothmiller’s search abilities couldn’t locate them.
But they didn’t give up and continued searching the witch’s forest.
However, on the third day, they ran into Elissa.
“What? You met that crazy woman again?!”
“Yes. She was relentlessly pursuing us even in the forest, I don’t know how she managed to do it?”
“So? What did you do?”
“Haha, what could we do? We had to run!” 
They fled from Elissa’s pursuit and eventually ended up using a portal to ascend to the 4th floor. 
And that was it.
The 4th floor, [Sky Tower], is a stage-based structure.
Somehow, they managed to clear the first stage and decided to stay there until the maze closed.
They figured they might get wiped out if a 6th-grade monster appeared in the next stage.
“It was quite a torment to waste time for over ten days, but… thanks to Lothmiller and Dwalki, we could endure it.”
What torment?
That’s something we should be saying. 
‘Ha, they just chilled out, claiming to be tired, and left?’
My stomach already feels queasy.
It’s understandable that they were relaxing while we were running around like dogs…
“Oh, by the way, I didn’t mention this, but surprisingly, essence dropped from the first trial.”
“Essence… dropped…?”
Damn, is this a game?
Essence never dropped despite countless battles against monsters in the Witch’s Forest.
And it just popped out over there.
From a 7th-grade monster, ‘Mimic’.
The rare monster notorious for guaranteeing at least a moderate drop when essence appears. 
“Lothmiller absorbed it first, then opened the [Treasure Vault].”
[Treasure Vault] is Mimic’s active skill. 
It’s not combat-oriented, it allows you to open a personal void space storage. 
The key here is…
“So? What did you get?”
When you open the [Treasure Vault] for the first time, various items are randomly placed inside.
Sometimes, you get lucky and only get a few high-grade potions.
Please, I hope that’s what happened to them…
“There were 2 million stone worth of gemstones, three highest grade potions, and two number items.”
“Are you kidding me?”
“…Why are you suddenly swearing?”
“Sorry, I was just surprised.”
I felt like I was going to puke, but I held it in and asked.
“So, what numbers are the items?”
“Unfortunately, one is in the 8,000s, and the other is in the 9,000s.” 
Whew, at least you made over 10 million stone. 
Of course, we weren’t there, so they’ll split it equally between the three of them.
Why is this dwarf so lucky?
“We found out they’re not really useful for us, so we decided to sell them. Lothmiller absorbed the essence, so we’re going to take out the equivalent of the standard price of the essence published by the guild.”
“I see… congratulations…”
Lothmiller got a new essence, and the dwarf and Dwalki hit the jackpot.
Is that why?
I managed to congratulate them with a smile, but…
Snap!
The spoon in my hand bent in half.
“Bjorn? Why are you breaking a perfectly good spoon?!” 
“I can’t control my strength because of the Orc Hero’s essence.” 
“Huh? You weren’t doing that yesterday!”
Well, yesterday, it wasn’t like this.
Damn, free loaders…
***
Now that we heard about the dwarf’s situation, it was our turn.
“Actually, we’re more curious about you two. We heard some rumors yesterday and got a general idea, but… what exactly happened to you two?”
I took the lead, fearing Misha might make a mistake if she spoke. 
I briefly summarized their situation.
Their ordeal after being stranded.
Misha’s ‘accidental’ awakening.
“Calstain, I sincerely congratulate you. I imagine you’ve suffered a lot emotionally…” 
“No, I haven’t done anything. It’s all thanks to Bjorn.” 
“…Thanks to Bjorn?”
“Oh, no! I mean, I wouldn’t have made it back alive without Bjorn!”
I guess she went off on a tangent for a bit.
The three religious fanatics they met in the cabin.
The fact that they ended up running into the Floor Lord.
Their story was more dynamic than the three who just sat around in the 4th floor, and the three listened intently.
“Huh, you’re smart to think about going to the Orc settlement in that situation.”
“I wouldn’t even think of the Dzarui clan in that position.”
“So? What happened next?”
Their reactions were sincere and exciting.
However, instead of getting carried away and exaggerating, they continued the story with an objective perspective.
Except…
“Ugh, you asked for protection money in that situation?”
“Two of you paid 2 million stone… this is embarrassing. Lothmiller, Dwalki, why don’t we pool some money together to help them out?”
“That’s a good idea. We can’t say it’s not our responsibility.”
Did they feel sorry for me after hearing my story?
They pooled together 1 million stone because we had to pay protection money, several equipment were destroyed, and the repair cost amounted to 500 thousand stone.
To be honest, I felt awkward about it.
“…Are you really giving this to us?”
“Of course. We made a lot of money this time, can’t we spare this much for you two?”
What is this?
Could it be that the dwarf was not a free loader but a beacon of light?
“Hikurod, you’re a truly amazing team leader…” 
“Haha, I appreciate the praise, but let’s continue the story.”
“Okay.”
Reflecting on myself for calling this amazing dwarf a free loader, I decided to tell the rest of the story more sincerely.
“Huh, you ran into the Floor Lord in that situation!”
The Floor Lord appeared with 5 hours left on the clock.
“It was a huge resource investment, you were right to ask for protection money.”
A massive resource-based battle.
And a riot that broke out within the settlement.
The inevitable activation of the [Evil’s Rift] pattern.
“I see. I wondered what you meant when you mentioned the Orc Hero’s essence earlier, but now it all makes sense.”
The essence obtained through negotiations with the Dzarui clan, who lacked a tank.
And the escape.
By the way, I mentioned that I had the Vampire’s essence here, and the dwarf was surprisingly understanding. 
“I used to hesitate to mention the existence of number items too. We’re fine, no need to bow your head so low.” 
No need to bow my head?
Well, it was just a simple glance at the spilled food on the floor…
No need to correct him, though. 
“Anyway, congratulations. You already got two 5th-grade essences? It’s practically a foundation to become a top explorer.”
“…Thank you for saying so.” 
After that, I concluded the story with a calm description of how we escaped the [Evil’s Rift], carried Misha on my back, and ran away from the Floor Lord.
The three listened attentively and expressed their admiration.
“Ha! I knew this guy was going to do great things.” 
“Indeed! It was the most magnificent and noble story I’ve heard recently. I envy that I wasn’t a part of it!”
“For sure… with achievements like these, no one will dare to disagree with calling you Little Balkan.”
There was one thing that stuck out in particular.
It was what Lothmiller said…
“Wait, Little Balkan?”
When I tilted my head, the dwarf kindly explained. 
“I thought so, but it seems you haven’t heard yet? It’s your title!” 
Little Balkan.
After Free Barbarian, I got a new title.
However, I still didn’t know. 
‘Title… ’
Whether it will have a positive effect later or the opposite. 
***
“Character’s Fame score has increased by +1.”
“Character’s Fame score has increased by +1… ”
“…”
***
The next day after the meeting. 
I met with Hikurod early in the morning and visited the Guild. 
It was to report Elissa Behenk. 
“…You mean the priest of Karui?”
The staff member who received the report seemed flustered, as it wasn’t a common occurrence. 
But when I presented my 5-star identity card and the dwarf’s video recorder that recorded the entire expedition, his expression changed. 
“This is… this is beyond my authority. Would you please wait here for a moment?”
We were immediately summoned to the branch manager’s office and told him about what happened.
And the news reached the Temple.
Elissa was excommunicated from the Reatlas Church and immediately became the highest level wanted criminal.
“According to the checkpoint records, that wicked woman did return to the city, so we’ll catch her soon.”
The Guild and Temple said confidently, but I have a feeling she won’t be easily captured.
It’s just a feeling, I have no proof. 
‘Ugh, I have a bad feeling about this.’
So, we decided to keep an eye out for any news about Elissa and close this case for now.
There’s nothing more we can do at this point.
We also received a reward we didn’t expect. 
“Haha! Well, this is an unexpected bonus?” 
“Justice always comes with a reward.”
We received a reward of 3 million stone from the Temple for providing crucial clues.
Well, we need to split it into five. 
‘Not bad.’ 
This kind of luck is perfect to just accept. If it’s any more, it starts to get scary, wondering what will come back to haunt you. 
“Ugh, we spent a lot of time talking about the testimony. Let’s go. Everyone must be waiting.”
After finishing the Elissa report, we headed to our meeting place. Then, we finalized the distribution according to the agreement. 
“Let’s split the loot we acquired together into five before we separate. After that, we’ll each figure out what we want to do with what we earned individually.”
We divided Elissa’s faithful follower ‘Hansen’s’ equipment and consumables, and the gemstones acquired until the 4th day, among the five of us.
I anticipated this and only presented the religious fanatics’ equipment when paying protection money, so there was no need for complicated calculations…
‘Damn, my shoes.’
It dawned on me belatedly that I lost HansC’s boots because of a landmine…
But I decided to just let it go.
It’s too much hassle to calculate again…
Besides, they spent all their holy water and potions, didn’t they?
“Dwalki?”
“I’m calculating. Ah! It comes out to 1.22 million stone per person!”
Combining my share with Misha’s, it’s 2.44 million stone.
1.2 million stone from the Temple reward.
And 1 million stone that the three generously donated as support. 
3.11 million stone from selling the three fanatics’ expandable backpacks and equipment left after paying protection money.
The 15 days’ worth of gemstones is about 800 thousand stone.
In short…
‘A total of 8.55 million stone.’
Splitting it between Misha and me, my earnings from this expedition would be 4.27 million stone. 
If that ‘promise’ hadn’t happened. 
“Ugh…”
Just seeing Misha’s eyes filled with regret, I know this loot is all mine.
That was the promise.
Well, back then, I accepted the offer to make her feel comfortable…
‘It’s better if I keep it and manage it.’
Misha is now my main companion.
I’ll be handling her essence, future equipment, and overall training. 
Of course, there will be a lot of expenses. 
‘In that sense, after deducting 300 thousand stone for Misha and my equipment repairs and medical expenses… ’
I can derive my net earnings from this expedition.
7.65 million stone.
Even considering the lost boots, broken mace, and other damages from the maze, it’s an absurd amount of profit.
It’s far beyond what you can earn through simple hunting. 
‘It’s not a lot when you think about the money I’ll be spending in the future.’
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Nothing. Just finish what you’re eating.”
The situation has changed.
I acquired the Orc Hero’s essence, which I expected to obtain much later, after the Vampire’s essence.
And I found a companion who can grow alongside me. 
‘I need to revisit my plans when I get back.’
Therefore, a reassessment of the plan is necessary.