Chapter 74: Ghostbusters (3)
I'm sitting on a fountain bench, enjoying my lunch. The menu consists of potato stew, bread, and a vegetable salad with beef. Misha is sitting next to me.
"Bjorn, have some of this."
"Beef? You're giving me your beef?"
"I already ate a lot while making it."
Well, if that's the case. I chew and swallow the beef Misha gives me. How long has it been since I've had beef? It melts in my mouth. The only downside is that I can't fully enjoy the taste because of the stares coming from my side.
"Didn't you just say Bjorn?"
"If that's the case, then the author is Little Balkan."
"Hmm, I can't see anything special about him from the looks of him..."
Ever since I started venturing out, people have started recognizing me from time to time. Clan recruitment offers, team recruitment offers.  I could understand these, but...
"Hey, are you really Little Balkan?"
There are also those who come up to me and start trouble for no reason, or who annoy me by asking me to retell the story. Don't they see I'm eating?  It was the last spoonful, but...
"Misha, let's go."
"Huh?"
"I finished eating, let's go."
I quickly cleaned up and left the fountain. I could hear some grumbling behind me, but they didn't follow me or cross any lines. Misha glanced back and muttered:
"It's kinda weird. I thought people like this, who get recognized and stuff, were only the really amazing people..."
What? Is she trying to pick a fight? I get what she wants to say. It's probably awkward for her because she's suddenly become famous.
'Little Balkan...'
In the game, gaining fame meant there was nothing to lose. I could accept quests that I couldn't before, or get random high-paying requests. Most importantly, if you didn't have enough fame, you couldn't enter the First District, the Golden Garden of Carnon. Fame was essential to progress in the game.
But...
'I'm not sure if this is a good thing.'
The place I'm in is not just a simple game world. This is a world where players are treated as demons, and they're executed on the chopping block whenever they're caught. If my name suddenly becomes known, it's bound to attract unwanted attention. 
But...
'If I want to live, I have no choice.'
To gain something, you have to give up something. I got the essence of the Orc Hero, saved my life, and gained other benefits as well. I guess I have to accept this.
"Well, I think that's all for today."
I got my repaired equipment back, bought the necessary supplies, and while I was at it, stopped by the auction house to see if there was anything worth buying. Then, dusk began to fall.
'I should go back to the lodging and finish planning my training.'
"I'm going back now, what about you?"
It's essentially a suggestion to go back. But Misha suddenly trails off.
"Oh, that is... "
What is it? Don't make me anxious. I looked at her expectantly, and Misha glanced nervously at me before saying cautiously:
"...I'm going to visit my family for a bit."
"Family?"
"Yeah. I might be there until tomorrow or the day after."
"I see."
Why is she being so secretive about this? If she has plans, she has plans. It's her family, it's not my business. I'm not completely unconcerned, but she'll be fine.
"Hang in there."
I decided to offer some words of encouragement. After all, we know what her family means to her.
Misha let out a small chuckle.
"Well, that does make me feel a little better..."
Really? Her voice sounds a little lifeless for that. Maybe I should give her a little push.  Of course, in a Barbarian way.
Thwack!
"Ouch! You barbaric maniac!"
Misha was startled and yelled something. I don't know what.
"That's better."
"Ugh, anyway, I'll be back in two days, so eat properly until then, okay?"
I chuckled and replied:
"Okay."
This is a change that happened since I came to the city. After promising to treat me like a benefactor, this is what she meant? For some reason, she's been acting like my mom lately.
***
I parted ways with Misha at the carriage station. She went to her family, and I boarded a carriage headed for the 8th District, where my lodging is located.
My body sways with each creak of the carriage. Since there's nothing to do, I close my eyes and let my thoughts wander.
'I should probably stay with this team for a while longer.'
My specs skyrocketed after I consumed the essence of the Orc Hero. I can basically just submit an application and my 6th-grade adventurer promotion is a sure thing. With the title of Little Balkan, I might even be able to be promoted to 5th grade in one go.
In other words, if I wanted to, I could find a better team.
'But it'll be hard to bring Misha along.'
Misha's combat power is exactly at the level of a 7th-grade adventurer. She definitely has the potential to reach higher grades, though. She got a soul essence this time, and the transformation ability [Strengthen], is the main reason I decided to train her as my teammate.
So...
'First, I need to level up Misha.'
I've made my final decision. It's more efficient to focus on Misha's growth for a while.
'First, I should level up the Soul Essence Contract, and if possible, try to make the next exploration site her focus. The essence might be there. Ah, it's probably best to change her main weapon as well...'
While I was meticulously planning Misha's training, we arrived at our destination.
'Whew, I should move my lodging closer to the carriage station if I ever change.'
It's a kind of commuter town. Real estate is more expensive there, of course.
Thump.
I got off the carriage and skillfully navigated my way to my lodging.
Go straight, turn left at the candy store. Then turn right at the statue of the Immortal King. Keep walking for about five minutes, then you'll see the central square...
"The execution will begin!"
Damn, it's been quiet for a few days, but it's back.
I can see the crowd gathering in the usually empty square. Everyone is looking up at the chopping block.
Swoosh!
I'm not even phased by the sight anymore. But I don't want to watch it, either. So, I turn a deaf ear to the chilling sound and hurry on my way. But even so, my subconscious picked up an unusual detail from the visual information it was processing.
'...Why are there so few people today?'
I'm not talking about the crowd gathered beneath the chopping block.  I'm talking about the convicts who were scheduled for execution today. Usually they execute dozens at once, but today there are only four.
'It feels like the guys who usually wait up front to drink blood aren't there either.'
As my mind sensed a question, the murmurs that were previously fading into background noise suddenly became clear.
"They call them demons, but they're nothing special."
"Oh, really? Their blood is even red."
"Isn't it disgusting? They're just demons pretending to be human."
What, demons?
I unconsciously stopped walking. I turned my head and looked at the chopping block, where the convicts were trembling as they waited their turn.  Three remained.
"I'm not a demon! I'm not, I tell you!"
"Quiet, you! Shut your mouth again."
A young-looking fairy girl. A dwarf male who looks about the same age as that little goblin guy. And—
"Mph, ughhmph!!"
A Barbarian with a familiar face.
Swoosh!
The fairy's head rolled off and landed into the prepared container. The dwarf is then forced to kneel on the execution stage. But my eyes were fixed on one spot.
'Tarikan, son of Liyen.'
Yes, that was his name. That's the name of the Barbarian trembling in fear with terrified eyes.
'Damn, his actions were worrying, but...'
His awkward Barbarian speech. His cowardly nature.  His weak demeanor, wanting to rely on someone.  I have too many suspicions, I can't even figure out what he did wrong to get his identity exposed.
But I had a hunch.
'I don't think he bought any weapons with the money I gave him.'
There's no proof. After all, they would have taken his weapons before sending him to the execution stage. But I keep thinking that he wouldn't have gone to the maze again this time.
'Why?'
I was seriously pondering the source of my unfounded intuition when—
"Mph, ughhmph!!"
The one who had been trembling quietly suddenly began to struggle. His mouth, which was gagged, moved constantly as if trying to say something, and his wide eyes looked in my direction.
It seems it wasn't a coincidence.
"Ughhmph! Mphhhmph!!"
Could he have seen me from afar? I guess since I'm the only Barbarian here, he could have spotted me from far away.
"Quiet! Get down on your knees already!"
The Barbarian was eventually subdued by the crowd and forced to put his neck under the chopping block. But even then, he kept trying to say something. He stared at me, who was mixed in with the crowd.
"Ugh, ughhmph!!"
I couldn't understand. I couldn't tell what he was trying to say with those muffled cries. Was he asking for help? No, his eyes were too vicious for that.
"Ugh, ughhmph!!"
I felt heavyhearted seeing him unable to even leave a last word, but at the same time, a sense of relief washed over me.
'It's good I cut him off at the time.'
What if I hadn't given him 150,000 stones and finished it there?  If I had made a different decision, revealed our shared fate, and relied on each other—
"The son of Yande—!!"
I could have been in his place.
Swoosh!
The gag finally came loose, and he shouted something, but his voice was silenced by the descending blade.
I immediately turned around and went back to where I was going.
As I walked, I etched a lesson into my heart.
'I should never do something like that again.'
I have to be more careful. In this fucked up world, it's not just raiders and adventurers who threaten my life.
Who's actually pitying who? I should stop being so nosy and start being more careful from now on—
"Bjorn, son of Yande, right?"
Someone called my name from behind. I turned around, and a man in a neat suit was looking at me.
"Get lost, I'm not interested."
I've been getting approached by strangers lately, so I just ignored him and kept walking.  But...
"Don't be so wary. I'm in a similar situation."
The way he said it was very strange. I unconsciously stopped walking and turned back to look at the man.
"America? Taiwan? Europe? Where are you from?"
Damn, what is this?
***
After gaining fame, I thought about it. Maybe this would happen.  But...
'I didn't think it would be this fast.'
My head feels like it's freezing.
Of course, I already know what I'm going to do. Whether this guy is a real player, or someone pretending to be one...
'It doesn't change anything. I'll do what I planned.'
I've known that there are other demons out there since the day I woke up. 
Back then, I asked myself:
'Is it worth the risk to interact with them?'
My answer was simple. Absolutely not.
Why would I meet a player anyway?  To share information? 
I guess it's possible to some extent, but...
The only thing it would give me is the comfort of knowing I'm not alone in this strange world.
It's stupid to risk that much for a little peace of mind.
Therefore...
'I won't reveal my cards, no matter who it is.'
There's a term called poker face. It's used to play psychological games, but it basically just means having an expressionless face. The face is the body part where people's emotions are most evident.
But I've decided. That's not what I need to do right now.
As soon as he finished his question, I replied:
"What are you talking about?"
Of course, this isn't perfect. So, while I replied in a Barbarian-like tone, I also thought to myself:
'What would Ainarr have done if I said that?'
Since I had spent a decent amount of time with him, I easily came up with an answer.
"Stop talking in riddles and speak plainly."
Yes, this is it. Barbarians don't know much. And they're not ashamed of not knowing.
Also, if a stranger is human...
They'll be a little wary and aggressive. 
Therefore—
Thump.
I take a step forward with a somewhat threatening look. I also puff out my cheeks as if I'm going to crush his head if he says the wrong thing. 
But the man only let out a curious sigh at my actions. 
"Wow, I almost fell for it. You're really good at acting. You're not three months in, are you?"
"Acting?  I told you not to use difficult words."
"Ah, no need to be wary. I'm from America. I shouldn't have even touched that damn game."
His voice drips with regret and sorrow. And he reveals information that a non-player would never know. I was now certain.
"Anyway, you're amazing. You even got a title in just three months. It took me more than three years.  It's just my luck that I got stuck as a human..."
This guy is not a player.
]]] 