Chapter 75 Ghostbusters (4)
There are several grounds for judgment.
"Hey, why aren't you saying anything?"
Firstly, I have never revealed my identity to anyone.
In other words, anyone who suspects me has only a hunch.
There's no proof that I'm a ghoul.
Therefore—
"I told you, I'm from America. We're both foreigners here, so we have to stick together, don't we?"
This action is clearly unusual.
The same player could suspect I am a player and try to test me.
But to be this blatant?
It doesn't make sense in many ways.
Even if I'm a local, what makes him so confident to reveal his identity first?
"In a city where being caught as a ghoul means execution."
Well, it's different if you've only been here for a month.
You're still innocent.
But didn't he just say it himself?
That he's been in this city for over three years.
The fact that he survived for three years while acting like that is nonsense, and…
"We have a 'game' association that we created, you know? I'll recommend you to join it."
Above all, the pronunciation of the proper noun "game" is incredibly stupid.
Like a Korean character in a foreign movie.
"If he didn't intend to hide his identity, he would have at least spoken in English."
Maybe I would have suspected him less if he had done that.
But this guy is beating around the bush, ignoring the easiest way.
Therefore...
I came to my final conclusion based on the given evidence.
"Hey, can you just believe me now?"
This guy is not a player.
But he's pretending to be a player and trying to test me.
And I can only think of one reason why a local would hide his identity.
"He's targeting me specifically."
Well, I thought it would happen eventually.
A city where the existence of ghouls is known to the public.
I couldn't find any relevant information in any of the books in the library, but there's definitely an organization that specializes in dealing with ghouls.
"He's probably just suspicious. He wouldn't have any hard evidence."
In other words, my task is clear.
I need to clear the suspicion.
He's just testing the waters for now, but he might start an 'investigation' using magic or something.
I need to nip it in the bud before he even considers doing that.
"But how?"
What kind of action do I need to take to convince them that I'm not a ghoul?
The answer to that question was quite simple.
Thud.
I took a large step forward.
"...Why are you suddenly approaching me? It's too close—"
"I have a question."
My question in the silence.
The guy hesitated for a moment before nodding with a smug smile.
"Ah, yes, yes, ask anything."
"Then I'll ask without hesitation. Are you a ghoul, by any chance?"
"Why would I hide it now? Yes, I am. So... "
Okay, I got a confirmation.
"That's enough. You don't have to say anything more."
"Huh? What do you mean—"
"The chieftain said. Kill any ghoul you see."
"Yes, yes…?"
A face filled with bewilderment.
I charged at him, shouting loudly enough for the whole world to hear.
"Behel-laaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
A barbarian does not tolerate injustice.
***
A fist cleanly connecting with his temple.
The guy's eyes, now as flat as a squashed bun, are filled with confusion, doubt, and fear.
But it's no use looking at me like that.
I'm not doing this because I have any personal grudge against him…
If you think about it, it's his own fault.
Splat—
He revealed his identity openly.
But if I pretend I don't know and run away from here?
It will only make me suspicious.
A well-bred local barbarian would never do that.
Therefore—
Bang!
I grab his neck, off balance, and throw him to the ground like a follow-up attack.
Then, I climb on top of him.
Splat-! Splat! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
I keep hitting him with fist blows the size of watermelons without stopping.
His skin is pretty tough, judging by his high physical resistance, but it's useless against me, with my greatly increased strength this time.
"No, no, wait…!"
His face becomes bloody after just a few hits.
But I don't hesitate to do what I need to do.
Of course, he yelled, as if he was wronged.
"I, I'm not! I'm not!"
Yeah, he's not a ghoul.
But what can I do?
I have to survive too.
"You're a truly evil ghoul to even lie about it."
"No, I mean—! Agh! Agh!!"
I covered my ears and hit him a few more times.
The crowd surrounds the scene of the sudden fight, and even the guards rush in.
Exactly as I wanted.
"Hey! What are you doing! How dare you use violence in the middle of the city?"
"Get him off!"
I cleanly stopped punching and stood up.
Was it because of the second-tier material armor I was wearing?
Unlike when I was falsely accused and taken into custody by the guild before, the guards approached cautiously, wary of me.
Damn, they didn't have to do that.
Thwack-!
I lifted the unconscious guy's body and tossed it towards the guards. Then, I shouted loudly for everyone around to hear.
"This guy is a ghoul! He confessed to being one and tried to do something strange to me!"
"What? A ghoul?"
The guards, who had been approaching the unconscious guy thinking he was the victim, flinched at my words.
The onlookers, who had been watching, also muttered amongst themselves.
Of course, most of them were skeptical.
"A ghoul, is this barbarian mistaken?"
"...Even if it's a mistake, beating someone up like that would cost him a lot of money, that guy."
Well, it's understandable that a barbarian's words wouldn't be credible.
But what about this?
"My name is Bjorn, son of Yandell! I swear by the warrior's honor that I do not lie!"
Little Balkan.
Bjorn, son of Yandell.
It's embarrassing to say it myself, but he's the hottest name in the city these days.
"Little Balkan?"
"...Now that you mention it, I heard he wears a Lythium chestplate."
"Then could he really be..."
"If that's true, then he's believable..."
"There's no way that famous explorer would make up such nonsense and beat someone up like that."
The murmurs continued, and public opinion swayed.
The guards also realized who I was and looked at me with expressions like "What do we do about this?"
Just then, someone who looked like the captain of the guard approached.
"May I see your identity card?"
A polite question I could never have imagined before.
I handed over my identity card, and the captain checked it before looking at me with a strange expression.
"You really are that man. I have to thank you. My brother survived the Labyrinth thanks to you."
"Is your brother from the Dzarwi Clan?"
"No way, my brother was one of the few who paid the protection fee and followed you guys."
Huh, out of all of them, less than ten of them survived.
It's incredible what a coincidence.
But that's that, and this is this.
"So when are you going to kill that ghoul? It's creepy to have him alive."
"We'll decide that after the investigation. So, I guess you'll have to come with us to the jurisdiction."
"Hmm, I'm hungry..."
"We'll of course provide you with a meal. If what you said is true, then you can say you did a great service."
"A great service..."
Unlike usual, I carefully considered my answer.
How would a barbarian respond?
As always, my deliberation was short.
"What do you mean?"
It's the kind of response that you can only get by becoming one with a barbarian.
The captain chuckled and replied.
"It means you did a great thing."
"A great thing? Then will I get meat dishes?"
Hmm, maybe that was too much, even for a barbarian?
But judging by the captain's expression, it doesn't seem that way.
"...I'll even treat you at my own expense. Please come with us."
"Then I will."
After that, I followed the captain away from the central plaza.
But for some reason...
"Little Balkan subdued a ghoul!"
"I'll get free drinks tonight just by telling this story."
Those kinds of voices kept coming from behind me as I walked away.
***
「Character's Fame stat has increased by +1.」
「Character's Fame stat has increased by +1... 」
「… 」
***
I was a bit nervous because it was a plan that I had improvised on the spot.
But the situation after that went really smoothly.
When the Security Department personnel searched the unconscious guy's pockets, they found a badge.
"Huh, this is a Ghoul Hunter's badge?"
The Security Department was in an uproar at first.
After all, the guy they brought in, suspected of being a ghoul, had a Ghoul Hunter's badge on him.
So the Security Department contacted the Ghoul Hunters, and soon, someone who seemed to be this guy's superior visited.
And…
"Uh, well, this guy… is on our side…."
The superior, who had initially looked dumbfounded, said with a bewildered voice when he understood the situation.
"This guy said he was a ghoul himself. How did that happen?"
"That… It's a customary measure that's usually taken for people who gain fame quickly or have exceptional achievements..."
"Stop, I don't understand complicated words."
"We suspected Bjorn."
"What? You suspected me of being a ghoul? Who is it! Who suspected me of being a ghoul! Is it you?!"
I puffed up my chest and breathed heavily, acting as if I had been insulted. My superior looked embarrassed and began to sweat profusely.
"I already told you that it's a customary procedure…"
"Speak plainly!! Are you mocking me?!"
"One thing is for sure, this won't happen again! So please, just lower your voice…."
I kind of understood why barbarians lived the way they did.
It's convenient.
Their reactions of being flustered are pretty funny too.
"Hmm, so what happens to me? If this guy isn't a ghoul, then do I get punished?"
"Th, that would never happen."
"That's a relief. Well, I'm sleepy, I'll go now."
"Yes, yes? Ah, yes… Please do…."
As soon as I saw a chance to escape, I immediately left the building and returned to my inn.
I acted boldly in front of them…
But inside, I desperately wanted to get out of this place.
"Damn…"
To be honest, I was exhausted.
Just like when I was being chased by the tiered monarchs.
"I never thought they would know this much about it."
America, Taiwan, Europe…
There were even stories about the game, and even his accent was natural enough to make him seem like a person from Earth.
Well, his English pronunciation was so bad that I could tell something was off…
But still.
What kind of insane difficulty level is this?
"Well, so these guys aren't all stupid..."
It's understandable that Tarikan Liyen ended up on the guillotine.
[America? Taiwan? Europe? Where are you from?]
[Wow, almost got fooled. You're a really good actor. Weren't you a three-month newbie?]
[Ah, you don't need to be wary. I'm from America. I shouldn't have gotten my hands on that damned game.]
In an unfamiliar city with no one to rely on.
If someone suddenly approaches you and says things like that, you'd usually fall for it.
"Damn it..."
The more I think about it, the more this world seems like a horrible place.
I'm already miserable being brought here and treated like a ghoul, but now these bastards are coming up to me and throwing bait?
I can just kill monster bastards, but I can't do that with these guys, making them even worse.
"Whew..."
I exhale a breath of relief I had been holding in.
"Well, at least I got through this for now."
Of course, I don't know if those Ghoul Hunters or whatever have really cleared their suspicions of me.
But I did everything I could for now.
So there's nothing I can do but be careful and wait.
"From now on, I need to act even more like a barbarian."
I revised my future course of action and entered my room at the inn. I lay down on the bed in the same clothes I was wearing.
But what is this?
"…"
There's a letter on the bed.
I ripped open the envelope and checked the contents. A letter and a pill the size of a thumb came out.
"What is it? Did Misha write a letter? No, she wouldn't have time—"
I started reading the letter, but then I froze.
[This letter is a random letter sent to an explorer presumed to be a player. If you could read th…….]
A letter written in English.
I was so surprised I almost threw it away, but I first checked to make sure no one was around and then got under the blanket.
Then, I carefully read it.
It roughly translated as follows:
[This letter is a random letter sent to an explorer presumed to be a player.]
[If you can read this, never reveal to anyone that you're a player.]
[Oh, and please don't let Ghoul Hunters decipher the contents of this letter even if you're captured.]
[Anyway, this is what I want to tell you.]
[We have a community where your anonymity is completely guaranteed. If you take the enclosed pill, you can join our community.]
[If you don't want to join, please discard the pill, and we sincerely wish you well in your survival.]
My head got more and more confused as I read.
Could this be another trick from those guys?
"Damn, it's too believable to be that..."
They used only easy words?
They were considerate enough to think of people who weren't native English speakers.
Wasn't this game originally only in English?
Anyone could read this, they must have thought.
"If I were them, I would have used this method to recruit players."
It's different from those fake Ghoul Hunters.
This letter was written from a player's perspective.
[GHOST BUSTERS]
Even the community name written at the top shows that.
It's too clever a name for something a Ghoul Hunter wrote while on death row, on the verge of execution.
"But those guys wrote this?"
Of course, it could be a time-delay attack.
They pretend to be incompetent and then attack when you let your guard down.
So I hoped the sender of this letter was a player.
I don't really need a community…
But if this is a letter from the Ghoul Hunters, I don't think I can survive in this city.
The reason is…
[P.S. Rafdonia’s king, Mother fucker]
How can I defeat guys who are this serious about hunting ghouls?
]]] 