Chapter 78: Commission (2)
“Can you see what might happen in the near future?”
“Well, I can't see that. However, be wary of those who harbor resentment, wherever and whenever you are. Your fate attracts such individuals.”
“Easily.”
“If you resolve their resentment, it will be a blessing. If you fail, it will be a misfortune.”
Does this guy even know what “easily” means?
“I’m hungry, so get out.”
“I will.”
With the shaman’s dismissal, I left the tent.  I trudged towards the city, my body depleted of energy.  As I walked, my strength gradually returned.
‘Is it because of the Spirit Brand?’
The first stage of the Undead Brand enhances natural regeneration, while the second stage increases stamina and magic resistance.  Magic resistance, as the name suggests, is resistance to magic damage, and stamina affects the maximum amount and regeneration rate of stamina.
In other words, unlike physical stats like strength or agility, these are not noticeable abilities.  But…
‘Not bad.’
Without these supporting sub-stats, my character won’t be able to perform its role properly later.  Moreover, to unlock the key to my training method, the sixth stage brand, I need to gradually level it up from now.
‘Starting from the third stage brand, it will be quite useful on its own.’
Originally, I planned to unlock it to the third stage immediately, but I’ll pass on that for today.  Since I have some time left today, I’ll…
“Bjorn!”
While I was re-evaluating my plans for the day, a familiar voice rang out from somewhere.  A whisper-like shout.
For a moment, I wondered if I had heard wrong, but…
“Bjorn!”
Following the direction of the sound, I saw a person's face pop out from the swaying bushes.
“…Einar?”
“Be quiet! We’re in trouble if we’re discovered!”
At Einar’s urgent request, I crouched down in front of the bushes, lowering my voice.
“…Why are you here?”
“I heard from the Elder that you came to the Holy Ground and came to see you for a moment. To get to the city, you have to pass through this path, right?”
Well, that’s true.  But how did he know I was coming?
“It’s good that you came early. My legs were getting numb anyway!”
He was just going to wait until I came.  Typical Einar.
“Anyway, you never know who might pass by, so come over here quickly.”
I was glad to see a familiar face and curious about his well-being, so I stepped over the thick bushes and crouched down.  Only then could I see Einar's body properly.
I asked with genuine concern,
“….Why are you so skinny?”
My height had shrunk to the mid-170s because of the Bonnite’s essence.  Even so, he wasn’t small because he was muscular. But what about now?
Einar smiled wryly.
“Hehehe, don’t look too closely. I know better than anyone that I’m not in good shape.”
In just a month, the warrior's body, which had been rugged, had transformed into a lean, muscular frame.
“Did the Elder not feed you properly?”
“It’s not like that. I compress my muscles every day, and somehow it ended up like this.”
“Compress?”
“There’s something like that. I don’t know much about it, so don’t ask too much.”
“I see….”
No matter how you look at it, what kind of training could do this to him?  I couldn’t hide my disappointment and shut my mouth tight.
Then Einar forced a smile and changed the subject.
“I heard about you from the Elder.  You earned the nickname, Little Vulcan, right?  You’re amazing, Bjorn!”
“It’s nothing.”
“What happened over there? I’m curious about your story.”
Einar looked at me with wide eyes.  He must have been curious about the outside world since he only practiced every day.  I felt sorry for him, so I spread out a space and started telling him my story.
“Oh, you teamed up with Hikurod?  That’s good. I was worried when I left, but if it’s him, I can trust him.”
The fact that I was paired with Hikurod.  And the various events I experienced in the dungeon.  However, just as my story was about to end.
“Einar, the second daughter of Fnellin!!!!!”
A roar-like shout erupted from afar.
“Did you run away again!!!!”
“Cr, crap. The Elder seems to have noticed that I ran away.”
Einar hastily got up from his seat at the roar that echoed in my ears from afar.  I asked worriedly,
“Are you alright?”
“I’m fine. It’s just that my training will be doubled today. I don’t need to sleep, so don’t worry too much.”
No, that’s what makes me even more worried…
“I was about to die of boredom anyway.  Thanks to you, I heard a good story.  So come again next time.”
“I will.”
“Then I’ll be going!”
Einar turned around and started running in the direction from which the sound came.  Since I was on my way, I was about to continue on my journey.
“Oh, right! Bjorn!”
Suddenly, Einar turned around and called me back.  He threw out words I hadn’t expected.
“I couldn’t say it earlier, but it’s good to see that you look happy!”
“Happy?”
“You used to have more venom in your eyes.  Well, I didn’t dislike that either… but you look more relaxed now!  I guess it’s because your new companions are trustworthy people!”
Hm, is that so?  I don’t know…
“Einar!!! Come back here now!!!”
“Ugh, anyway, see you later!! I’ll keep training hard and become a more reliable warrior!”
Einar disappeared from my sight.  But I stood there for a moment, looking at the spot.
‘My venom is gone….’
Is this a positive change or a negative one?  I still don’t know.
***
Since the Spirit Brand was finished early, I had plenty of time left, so I visited the Magic Tower.  I needed to fulfill this week’s research points allocation.
“Oh?  Why are you here today, Yandell?  Weren’t you supposed to come tomorrow?”
“I have something to do tomorrow, so I came today.”
“No, if you have a prior engagement, shouldn’t you not make things up to do?”
….That’s a valid point.  But I am a glorious Barbarian.  I am not bound by the etiquette and conventions of the world.
“What does a prior engagement mean?”
“Ugh, you always do this, really…. Fine, just sit and wait for a bit. I’ll finish what I’m doing and start.”
“Fine.”
After waiting for a while, the preparations for today’s experiment were finished.  Today’s experiment is to check how a vampire’s magic resistance affects mental magic and to measure the exact amount of their decreased sun resistance…
“I got the explanation, so just do it.”
“Then, shall I start?”
Zzzzt–!!
As I surrendered my body to the horrifying experimental tools and lost myself, the experiment ended sooner than I expected.  However, I was about to leave without turning around.
“Hey, Yandell!”
Raven called me urgently.  I thought she might have something to say about research, but…
“So, when are you going to tell me.”
“Tell you what?”
“About that artifact you used when you caught the vampire! How did you know that [Tears of the Goddess] was there?”
Oh, not this again?  It’s a conversation that happens every time I visit here.
“I keep telling you that I don’t even know what that is.”
“You’re saying that again, aren’t you?”
Raven crossed her arms and glared at me.  But does she even know?  At her short height, all she can do is look arrogant.
I asked directly,
“Arlua Raven, what is [Tears of the Goddess] that you’re so obsessed with?”
At first, I thought she suspected me of being a demon.  But looking at her subsequent actions, that doesn’t seem to be the case either.  Even when she asked about the pills and the letter.
If she suspected me of being a demon, she would have definitely shown some kind of sign during our conversation.
“…It’s not because of that artifact.”
She finally gave her answer.  If it’s not because she suspects me of being a demon, then why is she doing this?
The answer was something I couldn’t have imagined.
“It’s because of the book that contains information about that artifact.”
“Book?”
“The Chronicle of Shattered Balance.  You wouldn’t dare say you don’t know about it, would you?”
No, even if she stares at me like that, I really don’t know…
“I understand that you want to keep the existence of that book a secret.  I did too. Knowledge is valuable the fewer people who know about it, right?”
“….So what are you trying to say?”
“If you have the book or know where it is, I want to buy it.  Mine is not properly preserved, so there are many parts I can’t read.”
Looking at her scholarly eyes, it didn’t seem like she was making up a story to test me…  It really was because of the book?
“If that was your goal, why didn’t you just ask me that from the beginning?”
“But isn’t it true that in negotiations, the side that looks desperate loses?”
Well, that’s true.
I nodded involuntarily, and she confessed her true intentions frankly.
“I was going to try to negotiate with you, acting like it was no big deal once I acknowledged that you found the artifact.  I thought that since you knew its value, it would be useless, but…  ”
“So you chose a direct approach.”
“Yes. So, Yandell, won’t you just be honest with me now?”
I thought for a moment.  I am completely sure that the item I used at that time is an artifact, so it doesn’t feel like a good idea to insist like before.  It’s better to admit to what I have to admit.
“I got that [Tears of the Goddess] or whatever it’s called by breaking the statue in front of the fountain.”
“I knew it!  I thought so!”
“But that’s all.”
“….What?”
Seeing her bewildered, I quickly said,
“When you guys were searching the area, I was bored and broke it, and it came out.”
“Then… you don’t know about the book?”
She mumbled with a dumbfounded expression, but she quickly regained her composure and snapped back.
“Wait a minute.  There’s a contradiction.  If that’s true, how could you even think of using something you don’t even know?”
That’s a pretty sharp question.  But it’s something I already expected, so I didn’t hesitate to answer.
“There was a goddess’ symbol on the box, so I thought it might be related.  And it actually worked well.”
“….Really?”
“I swear on a warrior’s honor that everything I just said is true.”
Once I even used the cheat key, the modern person’s oath, Raven’s expression became gloomy.
“Then… what did I even do?”
She seemed to be feeling a sense of self-loathing after realizing she had been shadowboxing alone.  I felt sorry for her, but I also thought this:
The players’ community, ‘Ghostbusters’.  I thought its biggest strength was ‘the exchange of information’…
‘Maybe it wasn’t for others.’
I am a player to some, and a demon to others.  Because of that…
“I’m hungry, so I’m going now!”
Like a Barbarian, I burst open the door and left the room.
Misha, who follows me as her benefactor.  The dwarf who treats me like his friend.  Einar, who constantly encourages and admires me, saying that I will become a great warrior.  They’re all the same.
Bjorn, son of Yandell.  With this body, I can’t be true to anyone.  Well, I don’t think it would be any different if I had Ihansu’s body.
***
After leaving the Magic Tower, I immediately went to the commercial district and picked up the finished magic panties.  It was five in the afternoon.  It felt a bit awkward to end the day like this.  Therefore, I dragged my tired body to the library.
It was a bit more productive than going home to rest.
“Parsityev.”
After getting magic infused from the librarian, I immediately went to the bookshelves.  There was no point in greeting her, since she would never respond anyway.  And today, I wasn’t in the mood for that.
But…
“….You’ve become famous.”
The librarian, who usually wouldn’t even bother to speak to me, was talking to me for some reason.
“It happened by chance.”
I answered casually and left.  In the past, I thought it would be beneficial to befriend a magician, but…
‘It’s funny to care about such things now.’
I became a 6th-grade explorer.  And I also got the nickname, Little Vulcan.  That’s enough specs to get into a team with a magician, and my current team already has one.  Although she’s not from the Magic Tower…
‘Looking at her work as a librarian, she’s the same.’
I chuckled to myself, thinking that.  Because I knew that no matter what excuses I gave, they were just rationalizations.
Thump–
A justification that exists solely for legitimacy.  In the end, my true feelings are different.  I just didn’t want to.
I didn’t want to calculate every action I took and try to win the favor of others.  At least today, I was a little tired of doing that.  Therefore—
Thump–
I stopped in my tracks as I was heading for the bookshelves.  And instead of avoiding the problem I had been ignoring, I faced it.
‘No wonder Einar said that my venom is gone.’
I had a problem.  A mental problem.  My body has been comfortable enough, and the dry emotions I thought I had are slowly showing their faces.  Bad news for me, whose survival is paramount.
Then what’s the solution?
‘I don’t know, let’s just do what we have to do.’
I turned around.  And I walked towards the librarian.
“Don’t just stare at me, tell me what you want to say.”
“…How did you know I had something to say?”
“You just have that look in your eyes.”
There are a few reasons, but I don’t feel like explaining them.  I looked at her with that kind of emotion, and the perceptive librarian quickly stated her business.
“I have a friend who works for the Administrative Office.  He’s looking for an explorer to take on a commission, so I recommended you.”
“You recommended me?”
“Strictly speaking, I didn’t recommend you.  Your name came up in a conversation somehow, and my friend asked me to set up a meeting with you.  Of course, if you’re busy or don’t want to, you can refuse— ”
“Fine. I’ll meet him and hear him out.”
Surprised by my answer, the librarian nodded slightly.
“Then I’ll tell my friend that.”
Commission, huh?  It’s about time that kind of event happened.
‘I’ll have a new way to earn money in the city now.’
It was good that I agreed to listen.
]]] 