Chapter 79: Commission (3)
"Bjorn, to the Sanctuary again today?"
"There's something I couldn't finish yesterday. I'll be back in the evening, so don't slack off and keep training."
As soon as the sun rose, I headed towards the Sanctuary to receive the 3rd stage inscription I missed yesterday.
The cost was the same as in the game, 2 million stones.
It was also consistent that Soul Inscriptions could be enhanced with special attributes at stages that were multiples of 3.
"Hahaha, never seen a Barbarian with as much money as you. You have three paths to choose from."
The shaman asked as I put the money into the jar.
"The Flame Soul, the Steel Soul, and the Wild Soul. Warrior, what will you choose?"
Just in case, I listened to the shaman's explanation, but there didn't seem to be any changes from the real-world patch.
Therefore…
"I'll choose the Wild Soul."
I chose Wild without hesitation.
After all, each of these attributes was the core of my Shield Barbarian.
"The Undead Inscription 3rd stage activated. Physical resistance and fire resistance greatly increased."
"Physical stat increased by +50."
"The Wild Soul has taken root in your flesh."
"The character's base threat level has increased significantly."
"[Wild Surge] is available."
Threat level.
In other words, the chances of attracting monster aggro just by breathing increased.
Also, by using [Wild Surge], I could temporarily increase my threat level by 3 times, gaining a physical bonus proportional to that level.
'I used to only use it occasionally when raising a Greatsword Barbarian.'
In the early days, I often used the Undead Inscription to cover the Barbarian's lack of survivability.
But the [Wild Surge] back then was a double-edged sword.
As the character became stronger, the enemies swarmed in.
Of course, things were different for a Shield Barbarian.
'No risk, high reward.'
Monsters attracting aggro?
For a tank, that's something to welcome.
And on top of that, my physical stat increased?
Not only did my stability increase, but...
Combined with the [Gigantify] that significantly increased my threat level, I could experience a temporary but true sense of exhilaration.
'I never thought I'd finish the 3rd stage inscription on [Gigantify] in just three months.'
While satisfied with my growth, I also felt a touch of melancholy.
I was just struggling to survive…
Somehow, I ended up like this.
"You're tired, go out."
It was five in the afternoon when I came out after receiving the Soul Inscription.
Misha promised to grill beef, so I quickly stopped by the library to check the appointment time and returned to the dormitory.
And…
After various experiments, I figured out the activation condition for [Wild Surge].
"Behell—laaaaaaaaaaa!!"
It's used like this.
***
「Bjorn Yandel」
Level: 3
Physical: 330 (New +50) / Mental: 124 / Ability: 115
Item Level: 828
Combined Combat Index: 822 (New +50)
Acquired Essence: Corpse Golem - Rank 7 / Vampire (Guardian) - Rank 5 / Orc Hero - Rank 5
***
The next day, lunch.
I headed to the appointment location alone.
The name of the store was 'Flowing Water's Promise', so I wondered what kind of store it was, but it turned out to be a normal dessert shop.
Damn it.
“…Barbarian?”
"What is it? Does the owner owe me something?"
As I opened the door and entered, gazes focused on me.
It was even more intense than at the library.
It's not like I came to a place I shouldn't be.
"It's you, Bjorn! Over here!"
Since changing the location wasn't efficient, I sat down at the designated spot.
"Are you the commissioner?"
"Yes. I'm Shavin Emuer, a 7th-grade clerk at the Lavigion Administration. Call me Shavin."
"Alright."
Shavin Emuer.
Human. I thought he was younger, being called a friend, but he seemed to be in his early thirties.
First impression was quite kind, but I'd know his true personality soon enough through conversation.
"I didn't order anything because I didn't know what you'd like, what should we do?"
"Go for beer and roasted meat."
"….Yes?"
"If there's none, it's fine. I don't like sweets."
"Oh, yes…."
My silent protest about why I was called to this damn place should be enough…
I quickly got to the point.
"So, what's the commission?"
"Didn't you hear from Ragna?"
"Ragna? Oh, you mean that librarian?"
Shavin flinched at my question, then nodded in understanding.
"You didn't know his name. Well… that kid… that's understandable. His name is Ragna Ritaniel Peprok. He's not a bad kid, so don't be too angry."
I don't have any reason to be angry or anything.
I didn't even ask in the first place.
I mumbled as if to myself.
"Ragna Ritaniel Peprok…"
"It's Ritaniel, not Ritaniel."
Yeah, whatever.
Why is his name so hard to pronounce?
"….Is he perhaps a noble?"
"No, not really…"
I asked without thinking, and a strange reaction came back.
"I can't tell you in detail. He'll definitely get mad if he knows."
Yeah, there's definitely some story behind it.
"Just tell me about the commission."
"It's a simple patrol commission. Criminals and tax evaders sometimes hide in the sewers, so we have to patrol them regularly. But…"
Shavin trailed off with a strange tone.
It was as if he was waiting for something.
“…But?”
I just went along with him, and Shavin, as if he was waiting for this, continued his explanation.
"The explorers who used to take on the patrol commission didn't come back from the dungeon this time, did they? As you know…"
“…Know?”
"There was a big incident on the 3rd floor this time, wasn't there? They must have been caught in it! What a tragic story, right?"
I don't know about a tragic story, but I know there's something wrong with this guy.
"So, you decided to entrust the commission to me."
"Yes. It's an official commission from the Administration, so we can't just entrust it to anyone. We were looking for the right person when Ragna told me about you!"
"I see."
I understand the general situation.
However…
"Why me? There were probably more suitable people."
It sounded like a trivial commission.
The Administration must have subcontracted it to explorers.
The reward wouldn't be very high either.
However, there would be plenty of people who would take on this commission even with that in mind.
'It's not the Demon Slayer guys, is it…?'
I secretly considered the worst case scenario, but the answer was simple and meaningless.
"You're the most talked about person lately, aren't you?"
"What?"
"To be honest, I was curious. I wanted to meet you in person…"
In other words, he used the excuse of an administrative commission to satisfy his personal curiosity.
"Oh, I'm going to get some cookies here later, can I tell my colleagues that you gave them to me as a gift?"
"….Do what you want."
Looking at his bright smile, I don't think he's acting.
"So, what do you think? The reward is only 200,000 stones, but it's not a bad offer for you, Bjorn. It's a bit embarrassing for me to say this…."
Ugh, again?
Can't you just say it straight, for once?
This is like playing with people.
"….That's true, but?"
I gave another meaningless response, and Shavin, as if he was happy, continued.
"Some people consider it a reward in itself to receive a commission from the Administration! Since our selection criteria are a bit strict, it's like saying that other organizations also consider you a verified talent…?"
This time, his voice went up at the end.
He seemed to be having a hard time explaining it in a way that matched the Barbarian's level of understanding…
"It means your reliability goes up."
I'm a Barbarian with the spirit of a modern person and the savage body of a barbarian.
I summed it up briefly and concisely, and Shavin clapped his hands.
"Yes! That's a simple way to say it! Well… with Bjorn's reputation, you'd probably get commissions from all sorts of places, but…"
"That's not really the case."
I smiled wryly.
Two weeks had passed since I gained the reputation of Little Balkan.
Yet, this was the first time someone approached me for a commission.
I had a rough idea why.
'It must be because I'm a dumb Barbarian.'
Being good at fighting and being smart are different things.
But maybe I could use this opportunity to change people's perception of me.
Not that I should stand out too much either…
"I'll take the commission."
I made my decision.
***
"Then I'll be off."
After explaining the details of the commission, the Barbarian left without hesitation.
Watching his back, Shavin smiled.
'He was an interesting person, for a change.'
I wondered why that kid was talking about another person, but I think I understand now.
It's like my mind is at ease after having a conversation with a pure person for a long time, isn't it?
That kid probably felt the same way.
Even if it was a passing remark.
It was probably the first time in years that that kid mentioned another person first.
'Maybe I'm getting ahead of myself…'
It's time for that kid to have a friend.
***
Two days later.
Ten days before the dungeon opened.
I arrived at the sewer entrance, guided by Administration staff.
Somehow, all the members of the Team Half-Penny were with me.
"….Bjorn, you didn't say it would smell this bad."
"I didn't know it would be this bad either. But if you said sewer, shouldn't you have expected something like this?"
"Well, yeah… but…"
Yesterday, I mentioned the commission during our gathering, and this is what happened.
"[I don't need to share the commission, then. A sewer exploration full of scary rumors? Hahaha! How could I miss that?]
"[Can I follow, too? I've been reading books all the time lately, and my head has been hurting. I think a little change would be good.]
"[Hmmm, the sewers are probably full of complicated paths. This is perfect for testing my new abilities.]
"[It's dangerous for you to go alone, as they say criminals hide there.]"
Everyone seemed bored, training every day, so they decided to follow me.
So I just told them it was fine.
If I didn't have to share the commission, there was no need to refuse free labor.
'Except for the others, the Scout Rotmiller would be a lot of help.'
I handed the map I received from the Administration staff to Rotmiller and inserted the video recorder I got for recording the patrol process into the socket on my helmet.
So, now everything is ready.
"Let's go."
I took the lead and opened the iron gate.
Then we descended into the underground through the damp stairs.
When we reached the last step, there was hardly any light, so we had to light torches.
"It's wider than I thought?"
"That's why the guys hiding here occasionally come out. Hahaha!"
The sewage water flowing slowly and the ditch next to it.
The flickering torch cast a haunting atmosphere.
"This way."
Following Rotmiller's guidance, I carefully walked above the ditch to avoid falling into the water. The further we got from the entrance, the darker it became.
"You know, there's a rumor about a horrible monster living in the sewers…"
The dwarf was laughing, spreading rumors as if he was having a blast.
Misha and Dwaki were taking it seriously again.
"Dwaki, is there really a monster?"
"I heard that all the waste from the Mage Tower flows into the sewers. If chemicals and monster corpses randomly meet and react, such a monster could be created."
"Oh, is that so?"
Of course not.
Our predecessor was paid 150,000 stones per session and had been going in and out of the sewers for two years without any problems. How realistic is it that something like that exists?
Splish, splosh-
I sighed inwardly and moved carefully.
But because of the dwarf's endless tales of horror, perhaps?
Every step I took, the sound of my feet seemed to echo loudly.
'Five people doing this, it feels like we're in a dungeon.'
Damn it, something really isn't going to happen, is it?