Chapter 82: Sewer (3)
We were descending the stairs. 
Even with the torch and the activated light sphere magic, the darkness ahead seemed endless. It felt like wandering in an abyss. 
“I’ll increase our speed a bit.”
Following Lotmiller's decision, we quickened our pace down the stairs.
How long had it been?
“Huh…”
“I never knew there was such a vast space underground in the sewers.” 
“Ha-ha-ha! It’s impossible for humans to construct something this big. I don't know why it was built, but it must have been made by our ancestors.”
Finally, as we stepped on the last stair, a wide-open cavity appeared before us.
A space that gave an unbelievable sense of openness for being underground, with a ceiling over 6 meters high. 
“For now, there seems to be only one way.”
Lotmiller, scanning the surroundings, pointed to a spot.
Upon closer inspection, there was a passage behind a weathered, unidentified stone statue. 
“The woman's scent also leads this way. If my assumption is correct, we might encounter her soon.”
Good, that’s what I wanted to hear. 
“I’ll lead from now on.” 
Since it was a straight passage, we changed formation.
I took the lead, followed by Lotmiller to help with finding the way. I sent the dwarf to the rear to prepare for any possible ambush. 
“Dwarki, stay close to me.” 
“Y-yes.” 
Misha's role is to protect the mage from the center, actively supporting from either the rear or the front. 
“Then let's go.”
We walked straight through the passage and came to a fork.
We didn't know the way, but there was no problem.
We had Lotmiller, the nose, with us on our journey. 
“She definitely went this way.” 
We chose the left path, the direction where the smell was coming from. 
But what was this? 
“….Another fork.” 
We encountered another fork. 
This time, there were five options to choose from. 
“Lotmiller?” 
“Ah, it was a bit ambiguous. She seems to have been wandering around, as her scent is present at every turn.” 
“Does that mean we can’t follow her anymore?” 
“Not necessarily. Go that way. The scent is particularly strong there, so it seems like she passed by most recently.”
“I see.” 
Finding the way and searching weren’t my areas of expertise, so I willingly followed the expert’s instructions. 
However…
‘What in the world is this?’ 
We encountered a new fork shortly after. 
I gradually got a sense of the layout of this place. 
I didn't know why this space was designed this way… 
But this place was a maze. 
“Hikurod, do you know what kind of place this is? You’re a dwarf.” 
“H-ha-ha! You’re wrong to think that all dwarves are experts in construction. So… Dwarki, what do you think? You’re a mage, aren’t you?” 
“Do you think mages are all wise men who have understood all truths? I have no idea why the ancients would intentionally create such a space underground.” 
Questions spread among the group.
I nipped it in the bud before it got more annoying. 
“Stop gossiping. Whatever this place is, we'll just catch her and return.”
“That’s true, but….”
“If you’re really curious, ask the administrative office. That would be more accurate than us guessing.” 
The three of them shut their mouths at my words. 
Ugh, why do I, a barbarian, have to play the role of the disciplinarian? 
It seems that Lotmiller is the only one I can rely on.
He’s the only one who silently does what he has to do. 
“Bjorn, stop.”
“What is it?”
“The scent suddenly became stronger. This isn't just the lingering scent… ”
Lotmiller suddenly trailed off, sniffed again, and his eyes changed. 
“It’s clear. She’s coming this way from the other side.”
Lotmiller pointed to the second fork from the left. 
Could it be that she was going to come to us?
It was a sudden situation, but I checked the important thing first. 
“What’s the time?”
“I don’t know the speed, so I’m not sure.” 
“Even if it's just a feeling, tell me.”
“….About two minutes.”
“Did she spot us first?”
“I don’t think so. This is just a guess, but… maybe she’s lost her way?”
Hmm, a plausible guess.
I came up with a plan, as the dwarf just stared with wide eyes at our conversation. 
“Get ready to fight. We'll hide and ambush her when she comes.” 
We hid in the next fork. 
Lotmiller prepared for the ambush, readying his crossbow, and Dwarki started casting magic.
As soon as we finished this process –
Thump, thump. 
Footsteps could be heard from afar. 
The sound grew closer.
But…
Thump. 
The sound stopped at a certain point.
‘What happened?’
Just as I tapped Lotmiller's shoulder and asked with my eyes. 
Tada-da-da!
Frantic footsteps echoed through the passage. 
“Bjorn!”
Misha whispered, and I closed my eyes.
The sound reverberated, so it was confusing, but I focused on my hearing and understood.
She wasn't running towards us…
“She’s escaping.”
“She must have noticed that we were hiding.” 
Lotmiller said urgently. 
I agreed. 
She wouldn't have turned around and ran if she wasn’t escaping. 
“What are we going to do?”
“Do you feel uneasy?”
“I’m not sure.”
Right, that’s how it is. 
“What are you waiting for? Go ahead and lead!”
We were being chased in the Witch’s Forest… 
“We need to kill her before she runs further.” 
Now, the roles had changed. 
***
Carui 
A being called the Evil God or the Dark God. 
He is as capricious as he is rational. 
Blind faith is always rewarded.
[I offer this blood, flesh, and soul, please show me the way…!] 
Elisa Behenk. 
The reason she was able to survive in the Witch’s Forest was all thanks to the God’s nature.
She had offered three explorers she met by chance in her hut to the God, and as a reward, she learned that burning the corpses would give her more rest time, and received a new ability called [Deadening]. 
With that ability, she didn’t receive aggro from monsters, and she was immune to the area effect of the Witch’s Forest.
Therefore… 
[Hey! That woman…!]
[Run away! Quickly!] 
When she encountered a group of dwarves in the forest, she was able to chase them relentlessly. 
Because it was just a normal forest if the area effect was removed. 
Unfortunately, the chase ended in failure. 
The bastards ascended to the fourth floor, and she hurriedly followed them, but they narrowly escaped by teleporting to another space as the portal’s color changed. 
The monsters that were in front of the portal? 
She endured for ten days, constantly using [Deadening]. 
Then she returned to the city. 
[Priestess Behenk, where are you going with all that luggage?] 
She immediately packed her necessities and ran away. 
She had seen countless times what happened to defected priests. Now, for her, the city was a more dangerous place than the maze.
But it's said that even when the sky falls, there’s a way to survive? 
The capricious Evil God also had advice. 
The sewers, full of filth and lowly fugitives.
There was a hidden city below it that would take her in. 
[What! This is my place! Get lost!]
Following the Evil God’s guidance, finding the hidden ‘door’ in the sewers wasn’t difficult. The vagrants who lived there were not a major problem either. 
However… 
[Offer a sacrifice.]
The capricious Evil God did not reveal how to open the door until then. 
Therefore, she searched the sewers and gathered dozens of victims to offer.  She found out how to open the door after offering them and descended to the underground.
But…
‘What in the world is this!’ 
The path was too complicated. 
She wandered for hours in the darkness. 
The capricious Evil God seemed to have no intention of telling her the way until she offered a sacrifice. 
Meanwhile…
‘….?’
Just in case, she activated [Call of the Evil God] using the remaining energy of the sacrifices. 
She felt an uneasy premonition from then on. 
It could be the pursuers sent by the temple. 
She cautiously searched the maze. 
It was then.
[Hee hee hee hee!]
The Evil God suddenly burst into laughter. 
Elisa stopped walking, feeling ominous. 
That’s because whenever he laughed, danger and hardship were always ahead of the path she was about to take.
‘Is it the pursuers?’
She stopped for a moment and focused on her hearing.
She faintly heard breathing in the silence.
It was beyond the path she was going to take.
She realized this and ran in the opposite direction.
It wasn’t a delusion, as she soon heard someone following her. 
However…
“What are you waiting for? Go ahead and lead! We need to kill her before she runs further.”
A familiar voice, short and clipped.
“Bjorn! Be careful! That wicked woman might have done something!”
She then realized who they were. 
Bjorn Yandell. 
The thoughtless barbarian who hit her with his mace despite knowing she was a priestess, and his companions. 
‘They’re not sent by the temple…?’
After realizing their identity, she unconsciously slowed down. She didn’t know how they found her here, but… 
‘It’s a good thing.’ 
She stopped. 
She had been defeated and had to escape from them last time, but she had used a lot of her power when she resurrected. 
[Elisa Behenk has summoned [Gate of the Demonic World]]. 
They would have no chance if they both were at their peak. 
***
As the distance closed, 
Tada!
The sound of running, which had reverberated through the darkness, stopped.
And a strange sound echoed from beyond the passage. 
[Kyaa-a-a-ak—!]
[Ge-ke-ke-ke-ke!!] 
The strange sound was approaching rapidly.
Soon, the sound entered the range of the torchlight, revealing dozens of four-legged monsters.
‘[Gate of the Dead]’ 
I was amazed again. 
It was different than the previous one, because she didn’t use her power to resurrect. 
[Elisa Behenk has summoned [Shadow Guardian]]. 
It was a difference in the quantity, to put it mildly. 
The [Gate of the Dead], which spewed monsters for several minutes, and the Shadow Guardians, which were recklessly summoned one after another, were truly like a tidal wave. 
However…
“What are you waiting for? Go ahead and destroy them!”
There’s no need to be scared. 
Nothing will change, no matter what. 
“Ha-ha-ha! Barbarian! I missed you, but you willingly came to your death! I won’t let you escape this time!” 
What the hell are you talking about, escape?
That’s what I should be saying.
“This time, I will crush your head!”
The battle began with each side stating their resolve. It was different from the last battle where we had to fight a protracted war for tens of minutes. 
Slash-! 
The Shadow Guardians had decent physical resistance, but whenever Misha swung her dual swords wildly, they were cut down mercilessly. 
“….It was that easy?”
It’s because we have ice attribute bonuses now. 
Also, the curse that had been a nuisance before didn’t work anymore.
[Elisa Behenk has cast [Low-Grade Corruption]]. 
[Elisa Behenk has cast [Strength Reduction]]. 
[Riol Wrv Dwarki has cast 7th grade auxiliary magic [Radiance]]. 
[All negative attributes inflicted on party members are removed]. 
Was it because of the windfall we received this time?
I told him to learn curse removal, and he came back with [Radiance], a wide-area purification magic. 
“Huhu, how is it?”
“Amazing.” 
I casually praised Dwarki, who was acting smug. I felt like he held a grudge against what I said the last time. 
Anyway, I joined the battle. 
Just by setting up a shield wall and blocking the front, one person would be enough… 
But it wasn’t efficient. 
“Behel-la-a-a-a-a!” 
As I called upon the name of the ancestral deity, 
Vitality actually began to fill my body.
[Character has used [Feral Burst]]. 
[Character’s threat level temporarily increases threefold, and physical stats increase proportionally to the threat level]. 
The passage was narrow, so a [Giant] combo was out of the question, but the effect was enough.
[Grrrr]. 
The summoned creatures sensed the threat and blindly charged at me.
‘This feels like some kind of hack-and-slash game.’
I swung the enlarged mace like a madman, as if to vent years of resentment. 
Pewk-! Pewk-! Phew!
Physical resistance or whatever, every swing destroyed the guardians. 
The memories of my past struggle with a few goblins suddenly came to mind, and I felt a strange pleasure. 
Yeah, this is why I play RPGs. 
Poo-k-!
“Aaack!!”
Lotmiller fired a crossbow bolt, taking advantage of the guardians being scattered as they were drawn to me. 
Also, the dwarf created a temporary opening with his ‘Electric Discharge’ combo.
I ran straight in.
“Bjorn, it’s dangerous to go alone—”
“Behel-la-a-a-a-a-a-a!!”
No matter what it was, the summoned creatures blocking the passage, I quickly closed the distance.
Finally, I could see Elisa’s face clearly. 
“This, this can’t be… ” 
She looked like she couldn’t believe it. 
I guess she didn’t expect to be beaten this badly. 
I shouted beforehand. 
“Dwarki, now!”
K22
“Now…?” 
Dwarki asked, questioning me, but… 
I’m a seasoned barbarian who doesn’t repeat past failures. 
“Go ahead!” 
“Oh, okay!”
As Misha and the dwarf followed closely behind,
I kept breaking through the path.
30 meters, 20 meters, 10 meters…
The distance was quickly closing.
I jumped high and slid towards Elisa, like I was sliding.
But at the moment I reached out my hand to grab her.
Elisa’s body turned translucent and began to float in the air. 
[Elisa Behenk has cast [Spirit Form]]. 
It was [Spirit Form]. 
A high-level movement skill that grants physical immunity and allows flight. 
“You bastards! I’ll never forget this hum—”
Forget? What are you going to forget?
I thought about the time we helplessly watched her escape. It’s not like that. 
“Dwarki!”
As soon as I shouted behind me. 
“It’s done!!” 
The magic he had already cast was complete and fired. 
This time, Dwarki learned a spell from the mage tower for a whopping 1.3 million stones. 
[Riol Wrv Dwarki has cast 8th grade curse magic [Materialization]]. 
[Materialization].
When hit by this magic, the target’s physical immunity is canceled. This means that even a spirit-type monster can be beaten up by a bare-handed warrior. 
Of course, it’s useless if it misses…
[Riol Wrv Dwarki has cast 9th grade auxiliary magic [Accuracy Aid]]. 
Our Dwarki is finally out of the stage of a half-baked mage.
“Ugh, ah! Kya!” 
As soon as [Spirit Form] was lifted.
I felt something on my fingertips. 
It was similar to when I first fought the goblins. 
It didn’t matter if it was her wrist, ankle, or neck.
I just grabbed the part that was caught, whatever it was, and squeezed tightly. 
Kwaang-!
I slammed her to the ground with all my strength.
And I immediately got on top of her.
The damage was enough to trigger a groggy judgment, as Elisa’s body spasmed and she looked at me with her eyes wide.
“Ugh! Ugh, ah, ah, ugh…!”
It sounded like she was cursing, but… 
She hasn’t fixed her stupid way of talking, huh. 
Of course, I didn’t have any intention of underestimating my opponent because she was stupid.
She’s the one who got up like a zombie, with her head smashed, and started dancing.
Swoosh. 
I immediately lifted my mace.
But as I was about to swing with all my might, 
“Wa, wait!” 
Dwarki stopped me in a panic. 
“We’ll get a bigger reward if we capture her alive, don’t you think?” 
Hmm, it’s true, it’s written like that on the wanted poster, but I didn’t expect him to care about that.
….Is it because he tasted the sweetness of money?
He’s really become a true explorer.
“You’re right, it’s a shame to kill her.”
I got off of Elisa’s body. 
Then I had Dwarki use the [Paralyzing Venom] spell, and… 
Puk! Puk! Puk! Puk!
I mercilessly smashed Elisa’s arms and legs with my mace, one by one. 
Perfectly crushed bones and flesh. 
“….Do you have to go that far?” 
The dwarf frowned, but well…
“What if she escapes.”
My usual policy is that it’s better to have too much than not enough when it comes to things like this. 
So I tied up the crippled Elisa tightly with a rope, and carried her on my shoulder like a bundle of goods. 
“We’ve become so strong. I didn’t know we could win this easily….”
Misha, who had returned after finishing off the remaining summoned creatures, murmured in a thrilled voice. 
I agreed. 
The battle took less than three minutes from the start to now. It had been a while since we last fought, so I could feel our growth. 
However, we can chat and praise each other later at the pub. 
“Lotmiller, lead the way.”
I said that and patted Lotmiller’s shoulder.
We have achieved our goal.
It’s time to leave this spooky underground space…
‘Huh?’
What in the world is this?
Why is he not moving when I called him?
I called out to Lotmiller again. 
“….Lotmiller?” 
There was no answer this time either. 
Realizing something was wrong, I quickly checked the other companions. 
“Misha? Dwarki? Hikurod…?”
No one answered.
I hope they were playing invisible man, but…
That wouldn’t be the case. 
“…. ” 
The suffocating silence surrounded me.
I muttered quietly.
“We’re screwed.” 
Ugh, something felt too easy. 
]]] 