I don’t know exactly when it started. 
But when I noticed it...
“Misha? Dwarkey? Hikurod?”
Everyone was frozen like statues, their eyes wide open.
‘What the hell is going on?’
At the same time I felt the question arise, information I hadn’t seen before came into view.
A very thin, long needle. 
It was embedded in my comrades’ necks, one for each.
The important point here is…
‘I’m probably also stuck with a needle.’
My neck muscles are stiff.
And that tingling sensation is spreading down my body.
[The character is poisoned with ‘Basilisk Paralysis Toxin’.]
[The character's physical stats are over 300.]
[The poison effect is halved.]
My heart starts pounding like crazy, sensing danger.
Meanwhile, my brain calmly issues commands.
Right now, what I need to do…
Swoosh-
My massive arms raise the shield to cover my upper body.
My legs slightly bend, lowering my body’s center of gravity so I can react at any moment.
“…”
The silence, like a noose around my neck.
Within it, I even hold back my breath, concentrating on the sound.
Drip- Drip- Drop-
I hear the sound of water droplets falling from afar.
And that’s all.
But I don’t doubt it.
Like when I stepped on a goblin trap.
The enemy is definitely nearby.
“…”
A few seconds of terrifying quiet pass.
It feels like every nerve cell in my body is on edge.
Thud.
At that moment, I pick up the faintest sign of a presence.
It’s hard to call it footsteps… it’s more like the sound of gravel rolling in the wind.
‘…Is it a stealth skill?’
I quickly make my judgment.
Whatever it is, the poison is slowly spreading through my body.
So, instead of wasting time…
[The character used [Frenzied Instinct].]
It’s better to fight.
That’s the only way I have a chance.
“Behel—laaaahhhh!!!”
I scream at the top of my lungs, using all my strength.
Of course, unlike monsters, ‘Threat Level’ doesn’t affect humans absolutely…
I finished researching this part a while back.
[Hmm… It felt very strange. My head knows it’s not dangerous at all, but my body feels like it needs to run away….]
When exposed to [Frenzied Instinct], those with weak spirits feel fear. That’s why they sometimes can’t ‘provoke’ and just run away.
But, on the other hand, if the target is aggressive…
[I just felt like I had to kill it as quickly as possible. Ah, of course, that was before you got big. After you grew, I felt the same way as Dwarkey.]
They can be ‘provoked’ to some degree.
So, what about the unidentified enemy hiding in the shadows?
“Interesting feeling, Barbarian.”
I knew it.
Well, I’m the one who should be saying it’s interesting.
I don’t know how it’s happening, but I can hear a voice in front of me and behind me at the same time.
Leaving aside the problem that I can’t find the enemy’s location…
‘Wait, that voice sounds familiar….’
I stiffen in surprise.
The voice I just heard was female.
A little husky, but it was definitely female.
‘Who is it?’
My questioning mind combines keywords.
A ‘woman’ who hides her appearance like an ‘assassin’ and shoots ‘paralyzing poison darts.’
…I remember.
“It’s you.”
That psychopath I met in the Land of the Dead.
It has to be her.
***
Wasn’t she going to hide her identity?
“…I didn’t think you could tell just from my voice.”
She soon revealed herself from the front.
A slender figure, a little over 5’7”.
Flaming red hair and a right earlobe that was half cut off.  Except for the clothes she was wearing being casual, everything else matched from back then.
Thud.
She took a step closer.
To be honest, I’m sweating bullets.
Even though I’ve been growing explosively lately, to the point of earning the nickname “Little Vulcan”…
“You’ve gotten a lot stronger, Barbarian. To move after taking that.”
But, even so, I still can’t compete with this woman.
‘An explorer who operates on the 8th floor and can even use Aura….’
There’s no way I can beat her on my own.
It’s not like I’m going to just die, but…
I grip the shield and mace, clenching my fist, and rearm my terrified mind.
She asks me, watching me.
“Are you not running because of your comrades?”
See? Typical psychopath.
Even the way she’s curious about that is creepy as hell.
“The questions are for me. You promised to keep your word, so why do you want to kill me now?”
I swallow and ask back.
I’m curious about her motives.  It might lead to another way if I know.
But…
“Kill me?  No.”
She frowns and tilts her head.
“You were the one who broke in through the door, Barbarian.”
“….Door?”
“Tell me. Who told you about this place?”
‘What’s she talking about?’
For some reason, the conversation is going off the rails from the start.
I ask directly.
“I don’t understand, so speak plainly.  Break in?  What’s this place, why are you saying that?”
The woman frowns again.
It seems like she’s just realized there’s a big problem with this conversation.
“….How did you open the door?”
“If you’re talking about that magical thing in the sewer, I smashed it with my mace.”
“Smashed…?”
“Is there a problem?”
To my confident question, the woman closes her eyes for a moment and then shakes her head, as if convinced.
“No, there’s not.”
As a top-level explorer, she doesn’t seem to blindly worship magic like Dwarkey or that dwarf bastard.
But she’s still curious about the reason, so she asks a question.
“Why did you smash it?”
“Because this woman ran away here.”
Finally, I naturally set down Elisa, who I had been carrying.
It’s been bothering me since a while ago.
I didn’t even have time to put her down, but she’s definitely going to get in the way if a fight breaks out.
“….The Karui priest, the one who was wanted recently.”
“It’s good that you know. So are we clear now?”
“We’re clear.”
“Good. It was nice meeting you. We’re leaving now. Oh, you don’t have to give me the potions. I’ll take care of the rest -”
“Stop, I can’t just let you go now that you know about this place.”
“….Even if I promise to erase the video log and keep everything that happened today a secret?”
“Things are different now.”
Damn… so it won’t work.
I cleanly erase my weak mind.
There’s only one option left for me now that I’ve heard it from her own mouth.
Therefore –
Click.
I take off the armor I was wearing.
“….What are you doing?”
Whether the opponent questions me or not.
I take off my greaves, toss the helmet and shoes aside haphazardly.
Then…
“Hey.”
I speak.
Fortunately, she responds.
“….?”
She looks at me, as if to say “If you have something to say, say it.”
I quickly continue.
“Do you know the two ways to make a person angry?”
“….What?”
“The first is to stop talking in the middle of a sentence. And the other is…”
“The other is…?”
I don’t know.
No one told me that.
“Behel—laaaahhhh!!!”
I charge forward with all my might.
Hoping that it’ll distract her even a little.
I pull the arm holding the mace back behind my shoulder.
The woman flinches for a moment, then realizes my trick and smirks.
“Funny guy.”
Yeah, it’s not going to surprise you that much, charging at you from this distance.
So, how about this?
Whoosh-!
I swing my arm forward and throw the mace.
Whizz-!
She dodges it, as expected.
She deftly twists her body to avoid the mace, looking at me like ‘what is this?’
“….?”
Apparently, she didn’t expect the Barbarian to throw his weapon right from the start…
I threw the only shield I had left without hesitation.
Whizz!!
Thanks to my off-day practice, the shield flies like a disc.
Its speed is incomparable to the mace.
But…
“….!”
That ridiculously flexible woman easily avoids the shield by bending backwards.
I’m not disappointed, as expected.
That’s why I deliberately extended my hand.
Thud-!
I use the moment when the mace and shield are separated to push off the ground and continue my charge.
My physical stats have surpassed the human realm, so the distance closes in an instant.
‘Now.’
I extend my hand forward, just like when I slid towards Elisa.
Her expression is still relaxed.
Just a ‘look at this’ kind of face.
Thud-
She actually takes three steps back, precisely avoiding my range.
I’m not disappointed this time either.
I deliberately extended my hand so she would do that.
‘As expected.’
The passage isn’t very wide.
If a big Barbarian charges head-on, the only way to dodge is backwards.
Of course, if she moved all the way back, there’d be no answer…
But, she only moved back just enough to dodge.
It’s not a personality problem, but rather the efficiency-focused aspect that comes naturally from pursuing a higher level.
‘I can go with Plan A.’
So, I use [Gigantification] at the right time.
It’s a combo move inspired by the time I miraculously survived against Riakis.
[The character used [Gigantification].]
My body expands, and my arms lengthen accordingly.
The distance, which would have been three steps short, immediately closes.
“….!”
For the first time, her expression shows a flicker of surprise.
It hasn’t even really started yet.
I grab her shoulders and pull her towards me with a jolt.
I feel significant resistance in my fingertips.
But…
“You.”
I’m not being overpowered by strength anymore, unlike before.
After all, back then, I was a level 1 Barbarian with zero essence.
“You need to work on your strength.”
The opponent is helplessly dragged towards me by the strength I gained from the corpse golem, the vampire, and the Orc Hero.
“Kuh!”
I grab her neck so tightly that she can’t dodge, and I punch her in the face.
Wham-!
A heavy sound and a satisfying feel.
It’s still not enough to take her down with one shot.
Therefore -
‘One more time.’
I quickly retract my fist and strike her again.
But at that moment.
My honed perception detects her movement. She’s already recovered and is swinging a dagger at me.
‘She’s planning to cut my entire wrist?’
I make a quick judgment.
She’s an Aura user.
So, whether it’s physical resistance, bone strength, or anti-magic, it doesn’t matter. That dagger will definitely cut through my arm before it reaches her.
So…
‘I’ll have to go with Plan B.’
I stop the fist I was extending.
It’s not like I’m suddenly going to be cautious now.
It’s just that it’s not rational to take a one-sided loss.
I’m not afraid of getting hurt at all.
If that’s what it takes to survive.
‘Flesh Explosion.’
The moment I finish the mental image…
A powerful explosion erupts from the hand that’s grabbing her.
Boom-!
Flesh flies out.
And acidic blood.
Sizzle!
That poisonous bitch just frowns, not even letting out a groan.
But does she lack Pain Resistance stats?
She endures the pain, but her movement is frozen for a short time.
‘Good, back to Plan A.’
I dodge the dagger swinging towards me and punch her in the stomach.
Knowing that this opportunity won’t come again, I continue as if there’s no tomorrow.
Wham-! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
As a dealer whose specialty is paper thin bodies, a reaction comes sooner than later.
“….!”
Blood spills from her mouth, as if her insides were shattered.
The moment I see that, a surge of excitement shoots through my head, so intense that my eyes feel pressure.
Damn, the only way I can possibly win against this woman -
[Amelia Rainwells used [Self-Duplication].]
My brain senses hope, but at that moment.
My instincts suddenly sound an alarm, sending a warning.
The reason is simple.
“Barbarian.”
…Why do I hear a voice from behind me?
She’s clearly right here, caught by me.
Thud-thud-!
Without realizing it, I stop my punches and turn around. A woman who looks exactly like her is running towards me.
‘Shit.’
I’m not really curious as to how this happened.
[Self-Duplication].
An ultra-rare essence obtainable only from the guardian of the 4th-floor rift, ‘Doppelganger Forest.’
“Eating the Vampire’s essence, this should be okay.”
The woman I have captured mutters.
And at that moment.
[Amelia Rainwells used [Suragok].]
Her duplicate jumps high into the air, then spins in mid-air and kicks me in the face.
Kaboom-!!
It feels like my head is being ripped off.
No, wait, did my head really fly off?
Thud.
A heavy thud near my ear.
My vision starts to fade.
My consciousness fades away like a dead phone running out of battery.
“You, Mis….”
Damn.
***
[The passive skill [Source of Darkness] prevents the character from dying until their heart is destroyed.]
[The character’s regeneration is greatly increased by the [Immortal] effect.]
]]]