Chapter 84: Sewers (5)
Thud.
The moment the Barbarian fell, scattering dust around him.
Amelia Rainwells winced, gritting her teeth.
“The price of complacency.”
A cracked rib.
Her skin, stained with blood, was not just stinging, but burning.
Her internal organs were probably badly damaged as well.
“I can’t even remember the last time I was in this state.”
Her body would recover on its own eventually.
But the pain, something she felt so vividly after such a long time, was truly agonizing.
She thought she was accustomed to pain.
A dry chuckle escaped her lips.
No matter how much she boasted about the fruits of her arrogance.
It was absurd to think that this was all caused by a Barbarian who had only been in the game for three months.
“An extraordinary child, truly.”
She wasn’t simply referring to his abilities.
His instant judgment, his boldness and determination to put his thoughts into action.
And most of all, his will to live.
A sudden thought crossed her mind.
“If I had met him later… the outcome might have been different.”
Of course, realistically speaking, that was impossible.
She was Amelia Rainwells, the one who had grown up hearing about her unparalleled talent and spent almost 20 years going in and out of the labyrinth.
However…
“The fact that I even thought of such a thing is the problem. It means he’s a dangerous individual.”
Their first encounter had been only a month ago.
She hadn’t even been able to enter the labyrinth more than once in that time.
How had this Barbarian changed so much?
This Barbarian, whom she couldn’t even brush shoulders with, had reduced her to this state.
Hiss!
Even with his entire neck ripped off, his body began to regenerate.
Amelia slowly walked towards him.
Thud.
There were various abilities that granted death-defying effects, such as the “Dark Origin.”
But it didn’t mean they were invincible.
This Barbarian was proof of that.
Thud.
His head was completely smashed, leaving him completely defenseless.
His [Eternal Life] activated, and his body began to heal rapidly?
It would take a significant amount of time to repair this level of injury, and if his spirit energy ran out, even that would be impossible.
In other words.
If she wanted to kill him, it was possible at any time.
But she effortlessly retrieved her dagger and a potion.
No matter what anyone said,
“It’s certain he’s not from the royal family, so there’s no need to kill him.”
She wasn’t a monster.
***
There were clues.
The voices I heard simultaneously from both behind and ahead of me.
If I had been smarter and calmer, I might have noticed the [Self-Replication] variable.
Then, my plans A and B would have been slightly different.
“Well, even then, the outcome would have been the same, I guess.”
I felt a strange sensation, as if my fragmented mind was being pieced back together, and slowly opened my eyes.
“What a monstrous regenerative ability.”
The first thing I saw was the psychopath.
“One potion and he’s completely healed.”
“Po, tion…?”
I croaked, struggling to sit up.
Only then did I realize my head was incredibly wet.
It didn’t seem like it was all blood…
Could it be that this woman had poured a potion on me?
“Why the hell—”
“Didn’t you kill him?”
I nodded.
I was glad to be alive, but…
Honestly, I was certain I had died the moment I lost consciousness.
The woman looked at me with irritation in her eyes.
“You… you haven’t changed at all.”
“What…?”
“Both then and now, why do you immediately charge at me? I never thought I’d say this, but usually people try to talk things out first.”
She had a point.
It was all because of my habit of always assuming the worst.
I replied calmly.
“If you were going to kill me, I thought that was the only way.”
At any moment of vulnerability.
Before the paralyzing poison spread any further.
I decided I had to fight.
The woman just sighed briefly.
“Why? I clearly told you I would let you live last time.”
Her voice was still indifferent, but it seemed tinged with a hint of grievance.
But the one who was truly wronged was me.
“Didn’t you say that I couldn’t be sent back once I learned about this place?”
If she hadn’t said that, my Plan C, begging for my life, would have remained Plan A.
Who would want to fight a monster like this?
“I distinctly remember saying I couldn’t ‘simply’ send you back.”
It was the same thing.
Since she had been acting accommodating from the start, I decided to be a bit bolder and asked,
“So, what are you going to do with me now?”
“I have no intention of killing you. So get your hand off that.”
I stopped my arm, which was slowly moving towards my mace.
And replied firmly,
“You’re mistaken.”
“Mistaken?”
“I didn’t have any plans to ambush you with this. I was just—”
“Just preparing in case I changed my mind?”
…Yeah, that’s it.
The best defense is offense.
When I didn’t confirm or deny, the woman stared down at me.
As if she couldn’t believe her eyes.
“You really haven’t changed at all.”
She spat on the ground, saying that.
For a moment, I thought she was the cocky type, but upon closer inspection, it was blood, not saliva.
Apparently, my desperate defense before I passed out had taken its toll.
“…You haven’t taken a potion?”
“I’m constitutionally unable to.”
“I see.”
It was a brief explanation that was still insufficient.
After all, there were potions in the elixir pool that actually penalized people who consumed them.
Anyway, back to the main point.
“Barbarian, eat this.”
The woman pulled out something like a pill from her bosom.
It was dark and gloomy, looking like a cat had vomited up its food.
“What… what is this…?”
“It’s a medicine made by a Noarkian alchemist. It erases all memories of the past hour upon consumption.”
“Erase memories…? Then why didn’t you use this when we met in the Land of the Dead?”
“It’s not something you can easily get. Even this was given to me just in case, and I wouldn’t have had it if I hadn’t received it.”
It was a valuable item, then.
But there was another question.
It wasn’t something I should be asking in my current situation…
“It would be easier to kill me than to go through all this trouble, wouldn’t it?”
There’s a saying that there’s nothing more valuable than a human life.
A saying that only applied to the world I lived in before.
In this world, there were countless things more valuable than human life.
As an example, even on the surface, people were being killed left and right for failing to pay their taxes.
In the midst of all that…
‘She’s going to the trouble of using a precious item to save our lives…’
I spoke confidently.
“There must be a reason why you’re doing this.”
“…Why do you think that?”
“If you killed all five of us, just the equipment would be worth tens of millions of stones.”
The woman remained silent for a while, taken aback by my sharp remark.
I thought I had hit the nail on the head.
But what she said after her silence was unexpected.
“What do you think I am?”
“That…”.
I was pondering whether I should be honest when the woman cut me off.
“No need to say it. I know.”
She must have felt guilty.
But wasn’t she trying to make excuses?
“Fine. Think whatever you want. It doesn’t change anything anyway.”
She bent down, forcibly opening my mouth, and shoved the pill down my throat.
There was no chance to spit it out, as it dissolved instantly.
Whoosh!
Something like a fire erupted in my head.
It was a completely different sensation from pain.
“…Hey, are you sure you just wiped my memory and that’s it?”
“Do you have any other options?”
Well, you’re right…
I was speechless.
The woman smirked at me.
“I’ve never heard of any side effects. So relax and grow up, Barbarian.”
Well, if that’s the case.
Honestly, I wasn’t relaxed at all, but I closed my eyes.
But then, the woman spoke, as if she had just remembered something.
“Oh, right. What was the other one?”
Huh? The other one?
“The two things that make people angry.”
Ah, that.
“That would be…”.
I lost consciousness.
***
“The blessing of Lethe is being infused into the character’s soul.”
“This is an unblessable soul. The blessing infused into the soul is being removed.”
***
When I woke up, I was in the sewer.
My equipment was strewn about, and my companions were in a similar state.
Thud.
I used my hand to support myself, slowly getting up from the filthy floor.
As I began putting on my equipment, my companions started regaining consciousness.
They all looked confused.
“What? This is the sewer…?”
“Wh, what is this? We were clearly pursuing that wicked woman…”.
“Data recorder! Check the data recorder… Damn, it’s broken!”
The psychopath had been telling the truth. My companions couldn’t remember anything.
According to them, the last thing they remembered was following Hans E to his hideout…
‘…Why do I remember everything?’
Even when I carefully retraced my memories, the events before I passed out were clear as day.
Why?
As I pondered the reason…
‘Wait, what happened to her?’
Elisa’s face came to mind, and my mind raced.
‘…Did she save me and take me away?’
She wasn’t visible in the immediate vicinity.
Damn, if only I had killed her then, regardless of the bounty—
“Hey, look over there!”
“What? Is that her?”
What?
I turned my head, and I saw a woman collapsed a little distance away.
Blonde hair covered in grime.
A cute, little head that I wanted to smash.
It was Elisa, no doubt.
“Sh, she’s dead!”
The dwarf rushed over and checked her pulse, delivering the death sentence.
The situation became even more chaotic.
“Th, this is outrageous. Why don’t we remember anything, and why is this woman dead…”.
“Dr, Dwarkey, maybe the monster you mentioned appeared?!”
With a flustered voice, all sorts of speculations were flying around.
Rotmiller, the one who had remained relatively calm, came up with a plausible theory.
“…I think this is all her doing.”
“What? This woman’s doing?”
“We probably tracked this woman down and caught her. And we probably won.”
As proof of his claim, Rotmiller pointed to Elisa’s limbs. He said that unless it was something like my mace, it would be difficult to crush them so completely.
“Now that I think about it, I sense traces of my magic on this woman.”
Dwarkey then discovered traces of [Paralyzing Poison] in the body, solidifying their suspicions.
So now, their only remaining question was:
“Then why don’t we remember anything?”
Why did we lose our memories?
“If my assumption is correct, we must have attempted to take this woman alive back to the city. But… she might have regained consciousness and pulled some trick.”
It was a reasonable story.
I’d definitely come up with the same analysis, even if I had lost my memory.
“Certainly… if it’s the power of an unknown evil deity, something like this could be possible.”
“Hahaha! Well, seeing her dead like this, it seems we managed to resolve things somehow!”
“…Bjorn, what do you think?”
“Well…”
I pondered for a moment before answering.
The conclusion they reached through their own deductions differed greatly from the truth that I remembered…
“I think Rotmiller is right.”
There was no need to say anything more.
If they knew I hadn’t lost my memory, who knew when that psychopath would come after me again.
“Let’s get out of here and go to the temple first. We might have lost our memories, but we might have some problems with our bodies.”
With Rotmiller’s concerned words, everyone hurried to prepare for their departure.
So I decided to put my thoughts aside for now.
‘The secret hidden in the sewer…’.
A secret I didn’t know about in this world.
It would be a lie to say that I wasn’t curious as a seasoned veteran…
‘I’m never going near the sewers again.’
My life was more important than curiosity. 