Chapter 86: Baron Martoang (2)
Mozlans' work was swift and decisive.
"Kek, I, the great mage... huh? Who are you...?"
"It's him, take him away."
The knights, after checking the face of the fallen dwarf, swiftly bound his arms. 
"W, what's going on...?"
The intoxicated dwarf only then realized what was happening, but to no avail.
"You don't need to know."
"B, but..."
"Are you dissatisfied with our methods?"
They seemed ready to drag him away with them if he nodded.
I covered the dwarf's mouth and answered on his behalf.
"No."
"... You're the little Balkan? You're surprisingly wise for a barbarian."
His tone and gaze were hardly flattering.
Once they took the drunk dwarf out of the tavern, the dwarf started a commotion.
"Bjorn! They must have gotten something wrong. He, he would never do something like that!"
It wasn't entirely wrong.
Insulting a noble?
Unless it was impersonation. Insulting a noble was frankly hard for me to comprehend.
However...
"We have to help!"
What should we do to rescue our comrade taken away by the authorities?
I closed my eyes.
"Hikurod, c, calm down. Bjorn is acting like this because he has a solution!"
Ugh, I just wanted to rest today...
Why is this happening again?
***
Before taking any action, I needed to understand the situation.
After all, I had no information yet.
I didn't know if he truly insulted a noble, if they got it wrong, or who framed him.
Therefore, I rushed out of the tavern and headed toward the Mozlans' building.
However...
"Wait until the investigation is officially concluded."
Mozlans, closed off and arrogant even in the game, wouldn't tell me any information.
So, I went to Shavin.
"He was taken by the Mozlans…? I'll look into it. I can't guarantee I'll find anything, but..."
"That's enough. Thank you."
"It's nothing."
Shavin was an official after all, so I thought he'd have better access to information than a land explorer.
"... He'll be alright, right?"
"Hikurod! I know you're worried, but please stop saying things that bring bad luck!"
"Alright, alright."
As I waited for Shavin's response, I spent the entire day waiting in front of the Mozlans' building.
"W, what? Isn't that Dwarki?"
"Seems like it."
Dwarki, with his shoulders slumped, emerged from the main gate. Unlike the dwarf's worry, he didn't seem to have any signs of torture, not even a single scratch.
"You! Are you alright? How did the investigation go? Ah, you came out, so they must have gotten it wrong! Right, I knew it!"
"Ah... that is..."
Dwarki, for some reason, didn't seem happy to see us, just bowing his head deeply.
"... Let's move. I'll tell you everything later."
I followed Dwarki's request and moved locations.
It was a room-like tavern we often visited for meetings about the labyrinth. Once the few appetizers and ordered beer arrived, Dwarki spoke in a dismal voice.
"I... I think I have to leave the team."
It was the third time I'd heard something similar, following Erwen and Ainar.
The dwarf was horrified.
"No, what are you talking about! Tell me everything!"
"That is..."
Dwarki let out a long sigh.
"It's ridiculous to hide it now. I have something I haven't revealed to you."
"Something you haven't revealed?"
"My elder brother... is Baron Martoang."
"What!?"
"Y, you mean you're a real noble?"
Everyone, including Misha, was shocked and speechless, but Dwarki continued, closing his eyes tightly.
"Half-true. I was born from the previous Baron Martoang and a maid from his mansion."
An illegitimate child of a noble family.
It wasn't an unfamiliar story to me, having seen many melodramatic shows in modern times.
In fact, the following development wasn't much different.
"He was a scandal for the family, so he was adopted under the name of the Baron's third cousin, Tirva, right after birth. Of course, it was just a formality. My real mother raised me."
The Baron's family supposedly sent money regularly, and thanks to them, he was able to learn magic and live comfortably.
Even hearing it was a complex family situation.
The dwarf seemed to have no time to wait patiently, but...
"So, how is that related to you leaving the team?"
"My biological father, Baron Martoang, passed away a year ago. And my second brother took his place."
"Hmm, not the first?"
Lotmiller's question, cutting in.
Dwarki continued, with a candid voice.
"Yes, the second son. That's the problem."
"I don't understand. Why is that a problem... ?"
"Many people died after the previous Baron passed away. Starting with my first brother and many other collateral branches..."
Those words were enough.
The bloody power struggle within the Baron Martoang family, to understand the cause of this incident.
"The one who sent the Mozlans was that second brother, right?"
"Yes. It's probably a warning, telling me to live quietly like I have been."
"But now of all times?"
"He probably felt uncomfortable about me becoming an explorer. I've been learning various spells recently... And since the team has famous people, he must've been worried."
Ah, uh, hmm...
Is he putting the blame on me?
Honestly, I think this is a bit of a leap...
I summarized Dwarki's words briefly.
"Anyway, your second brother is scared, so you can't enter the labyrinth anymore?"
"You... always speak bluntly. It's not wrong. However... it would have been the same regardless of my will."
"What do you mean?"
"They revoked my labyrinth access rights instead of punishing me for insulting a noble."
Simply put, he couldn't join even if he wanted to.
"Bjorn, is there any way we can do something?"
Everyone, including Misha, is looking at me with desperate eyes.
I silently closed my eyes.
And instead of seeking a solution that wouldn't exist, I thought about what day it was.
'Ugh, this is a headache.'
It's nine days until the next labyrinth opens.
Will we be able to find a new teammate before then?
I just can't do anything easily.
***
"For now, let's each think about this problem and meet again tomorrow to discuss."
"Right, you can't come up with a suitable solution right away. So be it."
We disbanded after setting a meeting for the next day.
The dwarf and Dwarki planned to have a drink somewhere quiet, and Lotmiller went back home.
As for me, I decided to go to the library.
"Huh? You're going to the library?"
"I have something to discuss with the librarian from before."
"... This late at night?"
"I'll be there before closing time if I go now."
"... I see... W, would you like me to come with you?"
What is this kid saying?
"No, you stay and rest."
"No, I don't really have anything to do back home..."
"Why wouldn't you have anything to do? If you have time, swing your sword again. Didn't you play the entire day?"
I sent Misha away, who was persistently trying to follow me, and quickly headed to the library.
Originally, I was going to rest today and go tomorrow...
But the situation has changed slightly.
***
"Parsitie..."
As I arrived at the library, the sleepy librarian mechanically started casting a spell before flinching.
"You are..."
"Come to think of it, we haven't formally introduced ourselves. I'm Bjorn, son of Yandel."
"... Of course, I know."
Well, that's obvious.
Anyway, silence followed for a while.
It's awkward with her, somehow.
"... It's almost closing time, are you coming in?"
"No, I'm not here to read books today."
"... Then?"
How should I tell her about my situation?
After a moment of contemplation, I went straight to the point, being a typical barbarian.
"Ragna Litanel Pepprok."
"You can just call me Ragna, for convenience."
"Ragna, what level mage are you?"
I asked straightforwardly, but the answer didn't come for a while.
She seemed to have a look that said, 'What kind of rude person are you?'
Well, even Raven would have gotten angry first if she received this kind of question.
"I'll ask this first. Why are you suddenly curious about that?"
Ragna, a gentler type than Raven, calmly asked for the reason first.
So, I answered honestly.
"One of the mages in my team can't enter the labyrinth anymore. So, I was wondering, what do you think about taking a break from your librarian work and entering the labyrinth together—"
"Refused."
Yes, refused, okay.
With a firm voice, I quickly dropped any lingering hopes.
"I see. If your level is too low to enter the labyrinth, then there's nothing we can do about it."
"... When did I say that?"
"Then you must be skilled enough."
Ragna, who was getting flustered, realized it was a probing question and made a dumbfounded expression.
"You... you wouldn't happen to be curious about that?"
"... What do you mean? Anyway, this conversation ends here. If you don't want to, then there's nothing I can do about it."
I changed the subject.
"So, what was it? Shavin Emueur, that woman said you prepared something for me if she came here."
"... What? Prepared for you?"
She furrowed her brows as if she'd never heard of this before, but then she belatedly tapped her forehead, as if understanding.
"Ugh... she said it that way again?"
"Speak clearly."
"Just so you know, don't misunderstand."
Ragna wouldn't misunderstand, I assured her, and then she poured out her whole story.
"Shavin said she's risen in the ranks of the department thanks to you. She wanted to repay you, and she asked for my opinion. I said... that you liked reading books."
"So?"
"It was just that, but then she suddenly mentioned a debt she owed, and said she'd repay it through you. So this isn't me giving it to you, it's Shavin. Got it?"
"... I understand."
In simple terms, she's saying she has something prepared for me.
I don't know why she's emphasizing that she isn't the one giving it, but...
If it were me, I would've boasted about it.
"Are you sure you understand?"
"Yes, I do. So what is this supposed repayment?"
"Books."
"... Books?"
When I tilted my head, Ragna closed her eyes and chanted a spell.
"Bierdo Parsitieve."
A brilliant golden light enveloped my body as the spell completed.
The chanting sound was different from usual, though.
"What is this?"
To my question, Ragna provided a detailed explanation, unlike usual.
Apparently, this library has books with high security levels that don't respond to normal [Book Detection] magic, and this spell allows you to find even those books, or something like that?
"... I didn't know there was something like this."
"It's originally a privilege only granted to nobles or a few authorized individuals."
A secret library for the privileged class.
It felt like an unexpected gift, but it also made me nervous.
"Is it alright to give this to me?"
"There's no problem, as long as you don't go around talking about it. In fact, I haven't used this spell many times since I became the librarian."
Ragna spoke in a slightly melancholic tone.
"Who would even care about this place?"
Ugh, I'm curious about her story too.
***
Click, clack, click.
The sound of shoes echoed through the empty library.
I was reading a book inside.
It was thanks to Ragna's generosity.
[So why did you come so late? Ugh, alright. I'll let you stay here for today only.]
Everyone else had been kicked out because it was closing time, but Ragna let me stay until she finished tidying up.
It was a slightly strange feeling.
It felt like sneaking into a restricted area?
Click, clack, click.
I put down the book for a moment and glanced at Ragna.
'I thought about how she tidied up, but she uses magic for that too.'
Every time she moved her staff slightly, the books magically slotted into the empty shelves.
I wondered if they knew their own place...
But then I thought...
These books didn't need a place in this library. They'd find the book you wanted if you just cast a spell.
Wait a minute.
"Ragna."
"Speak."
"Didn't you say before, when we first met, to put back the books you finished reading in their original place?"
"I usually say that when I'm too lazy to explain in detail. Because of the magic, there are a lot of people who ask useless questions."
"... I see."
It was a hurtful comment as a barbarian, but I didn't show it and continued reading the books I was reading.
Maybe it's because the books have a high security level?
The contents were definitely different.
[Lapdonia Organization Chart]
The book about the public institutions in this city included information about the secret security department, the ghostbusters, and their organization...
[The World of Ghosts]
Another book dealt in depth with the "Ghostbusters."
This book included the last words of an agent who had entered their spiritual world and barely escaped with his life...
'With this system, I don't think I'm in any danger.'
Thanks to this, I'm confident that I can take the pills stored here whenever the time comes.
I was engrossed in reading the books.
As I finished one and reached for the next.
[Comprehensive Records of Cracks II]
My hand froze as soon as I read the title.
Comprehensive Records of Cracks?
Isn't that the name of the book Raven mentioned before?
I quickly flipped through the first pages to check the contents, and soon understood her attitude.
'……It makes sense why she was so obsessed.'
Should I say it's like a strategy guide?
It perfectly documents all the hidden pieces I discovered through countless mistakes and experiments.
Though, the physical limitations of a book meant only four cracks were explained...
'This is treasure for these people.'
The contents were so perfectly organized that I couldn't even find anything to fill in the gaps.
Besides, was it because it was well preserved?
Unlike Raven's statement that an unknown person wrote it, the author's name was written on the last page.
"Auril Gaviss...?"
I read it aloud, and then froze like a statue.
'Crazy, why is this guy's name appearing here now?'
Auril Gaviss.
The name of the game developer for [Dungeon and Stone]. 