Chapter 87: Baron Martoang (3)
Auril Gaviss.
The creator's nickname, always displayed at the bottom of the loading screen.
Well, I'm not sure if it's a nickname or his real name, but anyway.
'Why is that name here…?'
It's a bit sudden, but there are two possibilities.
[Chronicle of the Rift II]
This book was written by the player, or...
Or it was really written by him.
If it's the latter, I feel a little uneasy.
It means that the game developer is closely connected to the incident where I woke up in this body.
'Is that guy really some kind of divine being?'
In any case, getting a clue is a good sign.
Auril Gaviss.
If I carefully trace this name, I might find a way to go home someday.
Again, I don't know anything yet.
I don't even know if reaching the last floor and opening the abyssal gate again is the key to returning.
'I'd better be careful and investigate, as I might get hurt if I ask around.'
With that in mind, I looked through the book carefully.
Nothing stood out.
There was only a signature presumed to be the author's on the back cover, and not even the year the book was written was written.
After confirming that Ragna wasn't around, I tore off just the corner of the book and slipped it into my bag.
'If I could just find out how many years ago this book was made…'
What, it's morning already?
I finished my thoughts and got up.
When I went to the desk, I saw Ragna nodding off to sleep. There was a blanket next to her, so I was about to cover her with it.
"Hmm."
She woke up, sensing my presence.
"Why didn't you say anything? If I knew it was this late, I would have gone out earlier."
"Don't be mistaken. I was just taking a break because I was a little late finishing organizing the books."
The book organizing was a little late?
It's almost time for the library to open?
"It's true. Don't misunderstand me."
“…Alright."
Since she insisted that it was true, I just nodded and left the library.
Just before opening the door, I looked back and saw her yawning with a tired face.
"What are you doing? Why don't you leave?"
Is this girl actually kind?
***
It was morning, so I just started my day.
After all, as a Barbarian, it doesn't matter if I wash or not.
'But I need to eat first.'
I entered the nearest restaurant I could find and had a quick meal before heading straight to the Magic Tower.
"Why are you here at this time, Yandel…?"
"I have a question to ask."
"Hurry up. I'm sleepy."
"We have a vacancy for a mage on our team. Would you be interested in joining…?"
Thud.
Damn it, if you don't want to, just say so.
I guess this is a failure too.
That's fine, I didn't expect anything anyway.
"Wait! I have another request!"
I hastily knocked on the door, and it creaked open slightly.
"Another request?"
"I want to know when this paper was made."
"Hmm? Let me see."
Raven, who seemed interested, carefully examined the paper I handed her.
But she couldn't find anything particularly special.
"I can try, but why are you curious about it?"
"Can't you just do it?"
"Well, okay. But I can't do it for free. I need something in return…"
Raven trailed off, then continued, as if she had thought of something appropriate.
"My seniors have been showing a lot of interest in you, Yandel. Go and help them with their research. They keep bothering me about it lately."
Are you telling me to entrust myself to those perverts?
"…Just once?"
"Yes, it's not that difficult a request. I'll have the analysis done by the time you come next week. Oh! Right, and try not to come here so early in the morning."
"……I will."
When I left the Magic Tower, it was 9am. It was a little early, but I had nothing to do, so I headed to the pub, the meeting place.
Surprisingly, someone was already there.
"Bjorn! What's up! I went to your lodging, and they said you weren't there!"
"Oh, I was at the library."
"What, what? All night…? Don't tell me that was what you meant by 'business'?!"
"What are you talking about? Ragna was kind enough to let me read some books."
Misha looked at me with suspicious eyes, even though I only told the truth.
This is something, even a real mother wouldn't do.
"Really…?"
"Why would I lie to you."
"That… that's true. I see."
I gave her a direct look, and she readily accepted it. Is it a feeling like a good son wouldn't lie?
Anyway, I sat down next to her, and she handed me the drink she was drinking.
"Try some of this. It's made from a fruit called a tomato. It's a really strange taste!"
I don't know if it's a strange taste, but when she mentioned tomato juice, something came to mind.
"Speaking of which, what was it you wanted to say yesterday?"
It felt like she was about to say something important, but Hans B intervened and I missed it.
However...
"Huh? What are you talking about?"
"Don't tell me you don't remember?"
"Oh, oh… Did I say something wrong?"
Looking at those innocent eyes, she really seemed to have forgotten because she was drunk. I even asked if she had anything she wanted to say, but there was no progress.
"Huh? I don't remember anything like that?"
"I see."
“…Are you mad?"
"No."
There are two ways to make a person angry in this world, but I don't get angry over things like that.
After all, it's not her fault.
We spent the time using the quiet pub like a cafe, and then my colleagues arrived.
"Oh, you were here first?"
"Sorry, I made you wait here like this in the morning…"
The dwarf and the Dwaki appeared as a pair, as always. We waited a little while, and then Rotmiler arrived and took his seat.
And the meeting began.
The topic was, of course, how to get Dwaki's ban from the labyrinth lifted.
"So, if anyone has any ideas, please share them. First… well, Bjorn, you go first."
Oh, me?
It's a nerve-wracking position, but I gave my presentation honestly and concisely.
"I think it would be better to find a new teammate."
"……What?"
"Of course, it would be difficult to find a mage. I asked two other mages, but they both refused immediately."
"……What are you saying? You already approached other mages?"
"Is there a problem?"
I asked confidently.
The dwarf, who was trying to find a way out, might have been upset by my actions…
But there's always a fine line between selfishness and selflessness.
I was simply trying to find a realistic alternative for the team, assuming the worst.
"Even if it wasn't me, someone had to say it. Don't you think, Rotmiler?"
"That… that's true."
When I directly asked for his opinion, Rotmiler nodded with a somewhat uncomfortable expression.
This made the dwarf's eyes turn serious, but…
"Mu, Murade! Don't make that face! Bjorn isn't wrong, is he?"
Since even Dwaki, the person involved, said that, the dwarf shut his mouth.
"Th, then I'll give it a try!"
"Go ahead, Calstain."
Misha raised her hand brightly, as if trying to lighten the mood.
Of course, there wasn't anything worth listening to.
"I did some research, and it seems that the Mozlan are susceptible to bribes. How about we pool some money and offer them a little something?"
A bribe suggestion in a pure voice.
It's true that Baron Martoang or whatever his name is probably offered money to get Dwaki in trouble.
But…
"Calstain, the Mozlan will never do business with those without nobility."
The Mozlan strictly discriminate against commoners.
Most of them are without titles… no, it's probably because of that, a kind of last pride.
"Th, that's… I didn't know that. So, Rotmiler, your turn."
Misha panicked and passed the turn.
It was Rotmiler's opinion, so I waited for his words with some seriousness.
However...
"To be honest, I don't know how to make a noble… a titled noble, do what we want. Sorry…."
Rotmiler didn't seem to have found a proper answer either.
However, unlike me, the dwarf sighed and even comforted him.
"How can that be your fault? It's… it's only natural."
No, you knew it was natural, so why were you glaring at me?
As I grumbled internally, the dwarf spoke in a quiet voice.
"So, what I'm saying is… we've been thinking about it together, Dwaki and I, all night."
"Just get to the point."
"How about we go and talk to Baron Martoang directly?"
In other words, a head-on confrontation.
But there's a serious problem with that.
"How are we going to meet him?"
Most nobles live in District 1, the Imperial City of Carnon. And we lower-class explorers can't even enter that area.
It's not even a matter of talking, it's a matter of different worlds.
But the dwarf seemed to have already worked out the details of the plan.
"There's a teahouse that Baron Martoang visits regularly. If we wait there, we're sure to see him."
Well, in that case.
It's not bad, actually.
The problem is that he's unlikely to change his mind, but there's nothing to lose by trying.
"Then there's no problem. You two go."
"Wh, what kind of hurtful thing is that! We'll go together!"
What is he talking about?
"We're just going to beg him. Why do we all have to go?"
“…It takes courage! He's a titled noble, isn't he!"
The dwarf started to whine relentlessly because I told him to do it on their own.
I already want to sigh at his hopeless attitude, but I've been with them for a while, so I've calculated the pros and cons.
'With 9 days left, finding a new mage is impossible…'
Even if we recruit anyone, if they're not a decent person, we'll be in for a lot of trouble.
It's still best for Dwaki to stay on this team.
'If those two go, they'll just be flustered and come back, and the problem won't be solved.'
No matter how I think about it, it seems like me going myself would give us a slightly better chance.
But…
'Meeting a noble is a pain.'
In the game too, it was a rule of thumb to avoid getting involved with nobles.
Well, because they're all not right…
"No matter how this turns out, I'll give you 300,000 stones! Per person!"
Hmm, that gets my attention.
If it wasn't a loyalty payment, I guess I could meet a noble once.
***
"In that case, I guess it wouldn't be bad to meet him."
"Really!"
The dwarf's face lit up noticeably at my agreement.
But instead of being swept away by his foolishness, I calmly checked what I needed to know.
"So, when should we go?"
Even if he's a noble, this isn't a world where you can just kill people indiscriminately.
Especially for an explorer who is respected in his own way.
It's not likely to be dangerous, but this is the first time I've met a real noble since I opened my eyes in this body.
I need to prepare myself a little…
"Oh, today."
"What…?"
"Oh, if not today, it'll be next month before he visits that place again."
Ugh, no wonder I wanted to refuse.
But I've already agreed to go, so I checked the other details one by one.
How old Baron Martoang is, if he's male, if he has any dislikes, or anything else I should know.
As I learned various things, time flew by.
"Go quickly. If you want to pretend to meet by chance, you need to be there early!"
The Baron usually visits the teahouse between 3 and 4 pm.
So I arrived at the teahouse at 2pm and waited.
How much time had passed?
"That, that is my second brother."
Baron Martoang appeared with his entourage.
He visits himself to enjoy the tea served by the owner?
If he goes into a private room, there will be no chance to talk to him, so I quickly got up and went to the front.
"Who are you?!"
A huge knight blocked my way.
According to the plan, Dwaki stepped forward.
"Baron Martoang! It's me! Reol Warve Dwaki! Please hear me out!"
As advised, he bowed down to the floor, surrendering.
This drew the attention of Baron Martoang, who was talking to the owner.
But the reaction that followed was completely different from what we expected.
"Dwaki…? Sounds familiar."
He murmured, as if he couldn't even remember properly.
A man who looked like a butler whispered in his ear.
"The Dwaki family is the maternal family of the previous Baron's third wife, Carilina."
"Ah, yes! So, what do you want from me?"
"I, I… that is, uh…."
Dwaki, whose plan was completely derailed from the start, started to stammer.
It was my turn to step in, even though it was earlier than expected.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Bjorn, Yandel's son."
Noble or not, I just blurted it out.
If it were another race, that alone would be considered an insult to a noble…
But it's different for the big and valuable Barbarians.
My ancestors did a great service a long time ago, and they got permission from the King to do so.
"It's been a while since I've had a conversation with a Barbarian. It's always an exciting feeling."
Luckily, the Baron seemed interested in the current situation.
After all, when would they have the chance to meet a Barbarian and be talked to so casually?
"So, what is your business with me?"
"This guy's access to the labyrinth was banned after he was taken away by the Mozlan yesterday."
"That's unfortunate. But why are you telling me this?"
Of course, you're the one who ordered it all.
'What's going on? Why does he look like he doesn't know anything?'
At first, I thought he was just making excuses, but now I'm starting to get suspicious.
And then.
The butler whispered in the Baron's ear again.
"Hmm, illegitimate child? Was there such a thing? I see. You did it…."
"Yes, it's not something the Baron needs to worry about, so I didn't report it separately."
"Good work. Trivial matters like that are only a waste of time to know about."
Now that I see it, the Baron didn't know anything about this, and the butler had handled everything.
"Such a trivial matter…?"
Dwaki, who was in shock, somehow.
From a results-oriented standpoint, it's not bad.
Since they consider it insignificant, it means our chances of achieving our goal are higher.
"Could you possibly lift the ban on his access to the labyrinth?"
"Hmm, why should I do that?"
The Baron tilted his head, completely unable to understand. And the annoying thing is, I don't feel any malice from him.
His way of thinking is just different from ours.
'Damn those Celestial Dragon people…'
As I mentally chewed out the Baron, I was thinking about what to do next.
Then, the butler whispered something in his ear again.
I don't know what kind of trick he's using, but I couldn't hear his voice at all.
But I had a good idea what it was about.
"What? You say this man is that Barbarian?"
"Yes, that's right."
"Hmph, Little Balkan… I've heard the name before. The Earl mentioned at the banquet two days ago that an interesting explorer had appeared."
The Baron looked at me with a completely different gaze from before. His eyes were sparkling as if he had found a fun toy.
"You said Bjorn? I'll grant your request, but you'll have to do me one favor in return."
Oh, uh, hmm...
I didn't expect this kind of situation…
"It's a small favor. And I'll give you plenty of compensation for it! How about it?"
Somehow, I ended up getting a second request. 