Chapter 88: Baron Martoang (4)
The Baron's request was simple. 
He was throwing a grand banquet in two months, and he wanted me to attend as his escort.
“That’s it…?”
“Well, I’d appreciate it if you could display a few skills in front of the guests. Like, bending steel with your bare hands, something like that.”
In short, he was planning to use me as a trophy to boost his own standing at the banquet.
“Is it possible?”
Of course, I'm a Barbarian, what do you think?
“That’s no problem.”
“Good.”
The reward for this service was a hefty sum of 1 million stones, and the lifting of my ban on entering Dwaki’s Labyrinth.
Geez, is this how nobles work? 
Wasting that much money just to show off?
‘Well, I’m just going to pick up some crumbs.’
Even without the Dwaki issue, it's a good deal. A million stones for just a day of pleasing someone?
A smelly sewer job was worth 150,000 stones. 
“Hmm, okay. I'll deal with that friend of yours right away. Consider it a favor.”
The Baron even went as far as to offer to take care of the Dwaki problem first.
I wondered what he planned to do if I didn't fulfill my part of the agreement…
‘I guess a noble wouldn’t even think about something like that.’
It’s clear that I have a long way to go.
I’ve acquired a certain degree of power.
I have even gained some meager renown. 
But…
‘I should start making my own plans.’
I need to gain power.
Just like in the game.
And just like I’ve been doing since I woke up here.
The incidents that threaten my life don’t only happen in the labyrinth.
***
The next morning.
We met again at the designated spot.
To confirm if the ban on entering Dwaki’s Labyrinth had been lifted.
“How did it go? Did that Baron keep his promise?”
“I checked this morning and there’s no problem.”
“But why do you look so pale?”
“Hee-hee, it’s just my imagination… ”
My imagination, my foot.
The fact that my half-brother, Baron Martoang, not only didn’t recognize me but didn’t even seem to remember me at all was shocking.
As of yesterday, Dwaki’s mental state had completely broken down.
He was trying hard not to show it, but…
“Ugh…”
Dwaki sighed deeply, lost in thought several times a day.
Hopefully, he can pull himself together before the labyrinth opens.
“Ah, by the way, here you go. The reward I promised.”
“Reward?”
“Didn’t you come with me to negotiate with the Baron?”
Hikurod pulled out 300,000 stones as payment.
I decided to refuse.
“No need, we shouldn’t exchange things like this between us, right?”
“I didn’t go expecting payment. Besides, negotiating with him was for the benefit of the entire team.”
It was awkward for me to be the only one taking the money when both of them were waving it off…
‘I’m not in any immediate need for 300,000 stones.’
It would be better to consider this a loan. 
I’m sure we’ll keep going into the labyrinth, and we’ll have to exchange favors and make compromises.
“Anyway, thanks. It wasn't easy for a warrior to swallow his pride like that.”
Well, I…
Honestly, hearing those words just made me feel awkward.
A million stones is too big of a sum to worry about pride.
“I won’t forget this favor. I’ll pay you back.”
“No, why should you pay me back? Bjorn, I’ll be sure to pay this debt tenfold.”
“Whoever it is, just do it.”
“Hee-hee, Bjorn’s embarrassed!”
What are you talking about, I was being serious.
***
Eight days left until the labyrinth opens.
What I’ve been doing is pretty straightforward.
Apart from helping Misha train or going to the library to read some hidden books…
“It’s a 150-year-old piece of paper.”
I found the year of creation for the [Record of the Rift I].
It’s just an ordinary piece of paper that was considered standard at the time?
‘Geez, what happened 150 years ago?’
The time the game started.
The death of the first king.
And the time this book was created.
Many questions keep overlapping with exactly 150 years ago.
‘It can’t be a coincidence.’
These events are connected in some way.
That’s all I’ve found so far…
But it’s enough motivation to move forward.
‘I need to focus my research on history from 150 years ago.’
Who is the one who brought the players here?
What was their objective? And what exactly is Auril Gavice doing? 
If I keep gathering clues, maybe I’ll find out the secret one day.
Anyway, the second thing I did.
“Uh, uh… you want to do that…? No! I don’t hate it, it’s just a bit sudden, like… ”
I opened an account at the Alminers Bank.
We also designated each other as beneficiaries in case of death. 
We plan to put aside a portion of the money we earn from now on in this account, like a communal fund.
“So, let’s put all of the 2 million stones we earned this time in here.”
“Whaaat? All of it?”
“We don’t need to spend it right now, do we?”
“Ugh… don’t tell me you’re going to use it for something weird without my knowledge.”
“What do you think I am?”
After depositing 2 million stones each, we kept the remaining 900,000 stones or so in cash.
I don’t have anything to spend it on right now…
And I’ve finally escaped from the days where I was barely making enough to survive, so it’s time to start saving.
Oh, and there was also this.
“You… are Bjorn, the son of Jandel?!”
I bumped into a Barbarian fellow who was a fellow student.
His name is Karak, the third son of Panun.
We just caught up on each other's lives and parted ways.
He became an 8th-rank explorer, tanking in a human team on the second floor.
“Where are the others? Most of them are dead. Probably only you, Einar, and I are left. As you know, it's not an easy place.”
He’s changed a lot since he’s been in a team with humans.
He used to be a lot simpler and more straightforward.
“If you had told us more about that place instead of sticking to our old ways, they wouldn’t have died like that…”
Seeing him express his bitterness about the ways of his race, it’s hard to believe he’s really a Barbarian warrior.
It made me feel sorry for him.
He used to be a warrior through and through, so there must have been so many things that happened to him to make him change so much.
‘Not all Barbarians are the same.’
It made me realize something new.
Barbarians can also grow mentally.
They might still be weak in knowledge like reading and numbers, but they develop wisdom as they survive in a changing environment.
‘…Maybe there are some seniors who have become almost like humans after a few years…’
“Bjorn, what are you thinking about so deeply?”
“Nothing.”
Misha’s voice interrupted my thoughts.
Well, I’d been spacing out while she’d made me delicious food.
“But Bjorn… I think you’ve gotten taller?”
“What?”
“Maybe it’s my imagination, but come stand here for a moment!”
…I’m too lazy for this.
Still, I got up from my meal and let her measure me. Misha chopped at my chest with the back of her hand, starting from the top of her head, and then nodded.
“See! You’ve gotten a little taller! By about this much?”
“Are you sure you aren’t mistaken?”
Honestly, I couldn’t believe it.
It’s one thing to grow taller here, but it barely looks like even an inch, how did you notice that just by looking?
“Hmm, I’m good at noticing things like that. So you can trust me.”
“…If you say so.”
I just nodded instead of arguing.
Well, I could have grown taller.
I’ve been eating a lot of meat recently.
‘…Should I eat more meat if I really have grown taller?’
If that’s the case, it would be worth it.
A naturally above-average height.
The key reason why I chose a Barbarian as my tank instead of a Dwarf.
The [Gigantification] mechanism multiplies the base height.
‘It was exactly 1.771 times, wasn’t it?’
That gives me more reason to eat meat.
“…Don’t just eat meat, eat a balanced diet!”
“… ”
“Whew!”
After finishing my meal, I checked my backpack for anything I missed.
It’s time to head into the labyrinth soon.
“Let’s go, everyone’s waiting.”
As we headed to our meeting place, I noticed that my companions were all dressed differently.
The dwarf wearing heavy armor instead of a shirt.
Dwaki standing there with a long two-handed staff.
“Hey, Rotmiller! Why don’t you have your weapons?”
“Don’t worry, I have them in my [Treasure Vault]. It’s more convenient to pull them out as needed once I’m used to it. 
“Oh, okay.”
The mimic’s ability, [Treasure Vault].
I always thought it just replaced an extra dimension, but maybe it's a very useful ability for Rotmiller, who can handle bows, shields, and swords.
“Alright, everyone gather around me? I’m going to cast [Bind].”
Dwaki mumbled an incantation, and a green light spread out, seeping into each of our bodies.
It's a kind of party formation, I guess.
We need this magic to enter the labyrinth together and start in the same location.
‘In the old days, Einar would wait in front of the guild from dawn on…’
It seems like they call magic users magic users for a reason.
Having a magic user on your team saves you from having to line up at the guild from dawn…
And there are also financial advantages. 
On average, it would cost 100,000 stones for 5 explorers of rank 6.5 to cast [Bind].
“Let’s get going.”
As we all walked towards the dimensional plaza, there were more and more explorers on the street.
It’s a sight you only see on the last night of each month.
They’ll all be in rags when they return.
“Stop! It looks like we’ve lost our way.”
“No way! We have to reach the labyrinth before the allotted time!”
Coincidentally, we ran into a group of Barbarians again. 
Young warriors fresh out of their coming-of-age ceremony, heading to the labyrinth for the first time, full of excitement and anticipation.
“…Follow us.”
I asked my group for their understanding, then offered help.
I don’t have a sense of responsibility for my race…
But I just felt like I should do it.
“Really? Thanks. Tell us your name… What! Bjorn, the son of Jandel?! You’re the little Balkan! We admire you!!”
The young warriors were overly enthusiastic, but whatever.
On our way to the dimensional plaza, I gave them a lot of advice.
Like, Barbarian hearts are sold for a high price, so you have to be careful of other explorers… especially humans.
Try to get a night companion from a different race.
Be careful of traps, and walk on paths where there’s light.
I shared all the knowledge I wished I had known when I first entered the labyrinth.
“If I do all that, will I become a famous warrior like you?”
Well, I don’t know about that.
But…
“Yes.”
“Woo! Really? I got it! I’ll do exactly what you said!”
It’s better for them to hear it like this.
They need it spelled out for them to understand.
Watching the young warriors head towards the portal, taking my advice to heart, the dwarf spoke quietly.
“You’re quite kind to your own race, aren’t you?”
“I just did what I could. It’s harsh to have to learn only through experience.”
“Well, you’re right. Hahaha!”
With that chat, we headed towards the center, where the portal had opened.
Whoosh-
My vision blurred as I was enveloped by a dazzling array of colors.
Suddenly, the past events unfolded before me like a panorama.
‘Is this the fourth time already…?’
On my first entry, I had reached the second floor, defeating countless monsters along the way.
The second time?
I went into the rift, determined to get stronger. It was a mutated rift.
The next time was even crazier.
I made a team, but we were stranded.
And the last time, the floor lord went crazy, and we barely escaped death.
So…
Flash-
I hope nothing happens this time.
Could anything really happen?
Before I even have time to think that thought, I push it aside.
‘Ugh, what kind of crazy things will I encounter this time?’
Something is bound to happen this time.
So I need to brace myself.
***
[You have entered the Crystal Cave on the first floor.]
.
.
.
[TIP: Your character’s essence is at the limit. Hunt new monsters and level up!]
]]] 