Chapter 89: Player (1)
“Name is Lee Hansoo, 29 years old. He’s been absent from work for a month now, so the company filed a missing persons report. Tsk, family?”
“Only his biological mother. But when I contacted her, she said she didn’t want to be involved.”
The man listening to the report sipped his coffee.
Nothing particularly special about it.
How many people had complicated family issues?
“So, Detective Park, why is this missing persons case coming to our team?”
“Well… there’s only footage of him entering his home on CCTV, no footage of him leaving. All the windows were locked too.”
“Definitely… something smells fishy.”
The man set down his coffee and started reading the report properly.
In his 15 years as a detective, he had seen it all, but even for him, this case was quite unusual.
No signs of intrusion, no missing valuables.
Card usage records ended a month ago.
Most importantly, the clothes the missing person was wearing were found in his bedroom. It wasn’t like he took them off himself; it was as if his body had simply vanished.
“Whoever this bastard is, he’s completely insane.”
He already had a gut feeling this wasn’t a simple missing persons case.
Maybe it would be a major crime that would shake the whole country.
“The scene’s preserved, right? Submit a request to the National Forensic Service first. Let’s see the results of the forensics.”
At the man’s instructions, Detective Park hesitated for a moment before cautiously opening his mouth.
“Sir… I have something I’d like to show you before that.”
Why hadn’t he included it in the report?
He had questions, but nodded nonetheless. Detective Park returned with a monitor.
“This monitor was found in the missing person’s room.”
“What? Why do you have it? You didn’t take it without permission, did you?”
The man raised his voice, sounding exasperated. Then, he froze, having discovered something.
“Wait, Detective Park, how is the monitor turned on?”
“I, I don’t know…,”
Letters floated on the black screen of the monitor.
Even though it wasn’t connected to the main unit, nor did it have a power cable plugged in.
It was even updating with sound.
Beep, Beepbeepbeep, Boop—
「Adult ceremony successfully completed.」
「New equipment installed.」
「Comprehensive Item Level increased by +12.」
「Bjorn Jan…….」
「…….」
「…….」
He had no idea what these words meant, as they continued to appear.
“Sir, I’ve done some research… Apparently, there have been a few similar cases overseas.”
“What, overseas…?”
They didn’t have any way of knowing the exact details yet.
***
「The labyrinth has been closed.」
「The character is moving to Lapdonia.」
***
The darkness receded, and the world before me grew brighter.
As usual, I lifted my head, taking in the hazy sky that was always there.
I breathed out a long sigh.
“….I’ve survived again.”
To say I had survived wasn’t quite accurate.
Every day I had braced myself for some sort of incident to occur…
But in the end, nothing happened.
Two times in a row.
‘Well, I really thought something would happen this time.’
To be honest, I was still a little dazed.
After all, my previous exploration had been way too smooth.
Thanks to a good starting point, I reached the second-floor portal connected to the Gnome region in only nine hours and arrived at the ‘Rocky Desert.’
Well, I didn’t get any portal achievement points because someone else had been there before me.
「Slain a Corrupted Gnome. EXP +1」
「Slain a Kobold Shieldbearer. EXP +1」
「Slain a Stone Golem. EXP +2」
「Slain a Stone Soldier. EXP +2」
「Slain a Sandman…….」
「…….」
Gnome variants, three types of Kobolds, and various other 9th-grade monsters. And even various types of 8th-grade monsters, including Stone Golems.
Even though I had passed through, hunting all kinds of monsters at my request, I was able to ascend to the 3rd floor on the fourth day.
‘It was the same all the way to the Witch’s Forest.’
Without any major issues, I arrived at the heart of the Witch’s Forest on the eighth day.
The bandits I encountered along the way?
There wasn’t a single one.
Once I entered the 4th floor ‘Heavenly Tower,’ I completely stopped encountering other explorers.
「Completed the Trial.」
「Chosen the Stairway of Courage.」
It was time for real hunting.
I continued to ascend the stairs, engaging in combat with monsters.
All the monsters that appeared on the 3rd floor ‘Pilgrim’s Path’ emerged in random groups, and every three days, I’d encounter a 6th-grade monster.
「Slain a Betol. EXP +4」
「Slain a Lizardman Scout. EXP +2」
「Slain a Dullahan. EXP +3」
「Slain a Banshee Queen. EXP +3」
「Slain an Ilatrek. EXP +3」
「Slain a Courageous Soldier. EXP +4」
「Slain a Living Armor…….」
「…….」
I spent 23 days until the 4th floor was closed.
The 6th-grade monsters that I had once been so worried about?
I had made a few mistakes during the first battle, but my power had increased dramatically, so I managed to defeat them all without any major trouble.
As a result, my experience points began to accumulate rapidly.
‘No wonder they call it the Training Tower.’
All the monsters that appear on the 3rd floor appear here.
Even 6th-grade ones, and there are also monsters that appear only here.
Well, it wasn’t quite enough to reach level 4.
Anyway, as a result of focusing solely on hunting…
“Dwalki?”
“Well… if we divide it equally, it would be about 720,000 stones.”
“780,000 stones.”
“What? Bjorn, what are you talking about…,”
“Oh, uh… Upon recalculating, Bjorn, your words seem to be correct?”
“What?!”
Each person received 780,000 stones.
Even that was due to the Mimic’s passive skill, [Greed], which increased the magic stone drop rate by 30%, otherwise it would have been around 600,000 stones.
“Hmm, it’s definitely not a small amount of money… but it feels a bit lacking. Am I the only one who feels that way?”
“I feel that way too… I think.”
“Hahaha! Well, of course it does, considering how much we earned before! Now I see, Bjorn, it seems your incredible luck has finally run out?”
I don’t know about luck.
The less hardship there was, the less income there was.
Although the bandits were annoying, at least they were well-equipped.
In fact, it was much more profitable than mining magic stones.
‘…For some reason, I earned less than when I first entered the labyrinth.’
I think I understand why there are endless bandits. It’s much easier and much more profitable to hunt people than 6th-grade monsters.
That’s why people are drawn to them like moths to a flame.
Especially those who consider themselves efficient.
‘Don’t be too disappointed. It’s just that what happened before was exceptional, and this is the norm.’
I barely managed to quell my lingering regret by thinking about the game.
The cost of consumables, the various expenses in the city.
It’s natural to not make a lot of money in the early stages.
That’s why newbies who don’t have 1 million stones end up working as tax collectors, even in their first or second years.
‘…Even coming to the 4th floor in a few months is an insanely fast pace.’
I reminded myself of this, and spent my time productively in the city.
I’d meet with my team members occasionally for camaraderie and to plan explorations. Every week, I would visit the Magic Tower to keep my research appointment with Raven.
“Hmm, we only have four more times to do this, right?”
“So when can I meet this senior you keep talking about?”
“Ah, there’s been a bit of a problem. If it’s okay with you, Mr. Jandel, I’d like to postpone it to next month…,”
“…Do so.”
Training, library, camaraderie, information gathering.
It was a truly leisurely life I had never experienced before.
It made me so anxious that my hands trembled…
But until I entered the labyrinth again, there was no sign of any ghost hunters, Hans, or anyone else trying to approach me.
That’s why I thought something would happen this time.
‘But in the end, nothing happened.’
I went through the ‘Goblin Forest’ and ascended to the 3rd floor.
As a result, I was able to hunt some additional monsters I had missed.
And finally, I leveled up while spending time on the 4th floor.
The only differences from the last exploration were those.
“Bjorn! What are you thinking about so hard? Let’s go.”
I felt Misha’s shaking hips and snapped out of my thoughts.
“Come on, snap out of it. If you’re late, we’ll have to wait forever.”
Forever, my ass.
Maybe if I was a 9th-grade nobody explorer.
But as a 6th-grade explorer, the checkpoint itself is different, so the waiting time is less than half.
The officials are also much more polite.
“Alright, let’s go! Hahaha!”
Soon, we each passed through our respective checkpoints and gathered in one place.
Then, we quickly finished the distribution.
“Each person takes 790,000 stones.”
“Bjorn? Is that right?”
Dwalki’s pupils trembled nervously at Misha’s question. Why is this mage so bad at numbers?
“I don’t know. If it’s right, then it’s right.”
This time, the calculation was accurate, so there were no objections.
As a result,
790,000 stones were deposited into my account.
Is the world all about give and take?
Phew, I went through it all so easily, and the amount of money I earned is no different from last time.
“Alright, we’ll drink to our return tomorrow, separately, but let’s head back to our lodgings today!”
“Alright.”
As soon as the distribution was over, we dispersed and headed to our lodgings.
But what’s this?
For some reason, my room feels cramped and messy today.
Just yesterday I was ecstatic about my room getting bigger and having a window.
Flop.
I washed up and lay down on my bed, but it didn’t feel real.
Usually, at this moment, I felt alive with all my being.
Suddenly, I had a thought.
How long would it take to move to a place like that inn room, with the money I’m making now?
‘…My growth has almost stalled recently, too.’
The longer the peaceful time continued, the more the anxiety that had taken root inside me grew.
So, I forced a smile.
‘…I’ve been blessed with too much.’
The first day I opened my eyes in this body.
I had planned for at least a few years, maybe even a lifetime. But thanks to a series of coincidences, I was able to speed up the process by at least two or three years.
Don’t be impatient.
Things are going well enough.
So—
‘Damn, what am I thinking?!’
I slapped my cheek hard.
Smack-!
Things are going well?
That’s exactly why it’s dangerous.
It’s not like I’m always going to have smooth sailing in life.
Don’t forget.
Shitty things always happen when you least expect them.
‘Ghost hunters? Guild? Mozlan? Nobility? Who will it be this time? Or is it safe until I enter the labyrinth?’
I recalled the experiences that had been etched into my mind like trauma and tightened the loose screws.
‘No, it can’t be.’
I can’t stop.
I have to keep getting stronger.
That’s the only way I can survive.
If anyone else saw me like this, they might think I was a paranoid schizophrenic…
But the truth is, I haven’t changed a bit since that first day.
‘Always think of the worst-case scenario.’
If I’m going to be crazy anyway, I want to be the crazy one who survives.
***
“Bjorn? Is something wrong?”
“No. Why do you think that?”
“Your eyes look a little fierce…,”
This is what I was told as soon as I met Misha the next day.
So, I decided to loosen the screws a little, just a little. I need some space in my brain to make rational decisions—
“Want to touch my ears?”
“…What?”
For a moment, I wondered if I had really gone crazy and misheard, but I hadn’t.
“Uh… my big brother said it made him feel good when he touched my ears. A long time ago, though…,”
What? That cocky bastard said that?
I can’t even imagine that, even if he was little.
“Ah, I’m talking about my older brother! My big brother still treats me well…,”
Whether he treated her well or not.
What kind of pervert is he?!
That’s why childhood environment is important. Look at her, truly offering a pure act of kindness. She probably doesn’t even know it’s wrong.
“Misha, don’t say things like that to just anyone. You might give people the wrong impression and they might think something weird.”
If I didn’t know her preference was for lean men, I might have misunderstood her just now.
Like, did she try to seduce me? That kind of ridiculous thought.
“But you’re not just anyone, are you?
What kind of rude response is that.
“Just say you understand.”
“…Okay. Anyway, if you don’t like this, I’ll grill some meat instead?”
“…Then I’ll gratefully eat it.”
And so, grilled pork was decided upon for breakfast.
Even if I bought it myself and ate it, it’s still meat, so it’s quite expensive for one meal…
But I decided rationally.
If this meat makes me grow even a little taller, it’s definitely not a loss.
“Eat slowly! I’ll eat some too!!”
“……Didn’t you say you didn’t like meat?”
“This is called ‘delicacy’ for you Barbaric-noming!!”
Whatever happened during the meal, I was now full.
With my stomach filled, I started my day in earnest.
I was meeting my companions in the evening, so…
“I’ll be out for a while.”
“Oh, then I can rest today, right?”
“If you’re bored, swing your sword. Seeing you miss your sword last time makes me think you’re not skilled enough yet.”
“That’s because! I just didn’t have enough strength!!”
“Then you need to exercise.”
“You muscle-brained idiot!!”
Whatever, I left Misha behind and went outside.
“Be careful! And come back late, if you can!”
Well, I don’t think she’ll actually train as I told her to…
But that’s her choice.
Thump, thump.
I soon reached my destination on my sturdy legs.
A place I always came to whenever I had extra time.
In other words, the library.
“I see you’ve been doing well.”
Ragna, who I’ve now even learned the name of, greeted me as soon as I arrived, thanks to all the things that have happened.
Of course, we’re not really that close.
“As you can see, I have. How have you been?”
“Of course, I’m fine.”
“Then I’ll ask for your help again today.”
I was just about to ask for the [High-Level Book Detection] magic when Ragna hesitated.
She doesn’t realize it, but it’s her habit when she has something she wants to say.
“If you have something to say, say it.”
“……How did you know?”
“Just by your eyes.”
Ragna glared at me, offended by my frank answer. It seems she’s pretty upset to be told that by a barbarian.
But as a rationalist, I went straight to the point without any further ado.
“Don’t get your hopes up, but this isn’t confirmed information. But you’re an explorer, so I thought I should warn you.”
“Warn me?”
That’s a word I wasn’t expecting at all.
But suddenly, my mind became clear.
Even though she did add a disclaimer that it wasn’t confirmed, I know from her personality that she wouldn’t say anything pointless.
“What is it? Tell me.”
At my urging, Ragna cautiously opened her mouth.
“There might be a dimensional collapse phenomenon in the labyrinth soon.”
I immediately felt a rational suspicion.
Dimensional collapse.
A real ‘disaster’ in the labyrinth, something that couldn’t even be compared to a Tier Ruler.
‘I wondered why things were so quiet lately….’
Could this be the reason?