[Chapter 94: Barbarian Trophy (1)]
My vision blacked out, then slowly returned.
‘My room.’
It wasn’t Lee Han-soo’s room, but Bjorn Yandel’s inn room.
I checked the clock, and it had been exactly 12 seconds since I was summoned there.
‘Was 1 hour there 1 second here?’
The time disparity itself wasn’t surprising.
The Labyrinth was like that.
No matter how many days I spent there, I would always return to the city at noon the next day.
‘I don’t know the principle, but it’s a convenient phenomenon.’
Still, I had a feeling I needed to be cautious.
In other words, it meant I was defenseless for up to 12 seconds. Of course, if it was an emergency, I could immediately log out and come back, so it wouldn’t be a problem...
What if it wasn’t an emergency?
Like grabbing a bean while it’s hot.
What if something happened during those 12 seconds?
‘It would be difficult to respond properly.’
Well, it didn’t mean I wouldn’t use the community because of this. It just meant I was consciously aware of this risk.
That way, I could make decisions quicker if something did happen.
“Whew….”
I stretched and let out a long sigh.
A slight sense of fatigue lingered.
Mental fatigue, not physical.
‘Well, I’ve been awake for 12 hours.’
I closed my eyes, thinking that if someone consistently slept in on that day, they could be suspected as a player.
I wasn’t going to sleep right away, I needed time to gather my thoughts.
‘I’m glad I went in early.’
Ghostbusters.
It was a place that was being run and built with higher quality than expected. It was more than enough to serve as the information source I was hoping for.
Thanks to them, I was able to get information about the dimensional collapse.
‘Rumors… huh.’
Good thing. That much was clear.
But for some reason, a sense of emptiness and anxiety were both growing in size.
When I first heard about it, I thought it was the one.
What’s going to happen if it’s not this?
‘…I need to be more careful.’
Thinking that, I fell asleep.
Time passed and the next morning arrived.
The day had come to keep my promise with Baron Martoang.
***
“Have a good time! Tell me all about it when you get back!”
I left for the streets with Misha’s farewell.
And after changing carriages at the platform several times.
I arrived at Baron Martoang’s manor.
“Come here. We don’t have time.”
As soon as I entered the vast manor, I was dragged to a luxurious room and forced to change clothes.
My attire was too barbaric for the Earl’s banquet tonight, wasn’t it?
‘Damn it.’
So, this is what happens when you’re a barbarian.
Usually, it’s the opposite reason, to dress up nicely.
“Oh my, look at those muscles….”
With the help of the maids, I took off my breastplate and shirt.
Then I put on shoulder pads over my bare body.
One shoulder pad was a design with thorns, the other was shaped like a beast skull.
Wearing that, I...
“Um, could you lower your body just a bit?”
“Okay.”
The maids standing on the platform grunting, wrapped something around my stomach.
A champion belt over a foot long from my perspective.
Damn, why do I have to wear this?
One breastplate is enough to protect the entire torso.
“Raise your arms please.”
From then on, various fashion accessories were added to my body regardless of my will.
Equipment that focused more on intimidation than defense.
The weight balance was random, making every movement uncomfortable, and the maids had let my hair down, it kept falling and blocking my vision.
But…
‘I know what they’re looking for.’
When I finally looked in the mirror.
Beyond it stood a barbarian warrior who looked like he could drink dragon blood and eat ogre meat as an appetizer.
Suddenly, I had a thought.
What if the defense or practicality was lacking?
Damn, if I approach them with this look, everyone would pee their pants and run away.
That’s how intimidating it was.
The show window (real) barbarian mode.
But was this not enough in his eyes?
“Tsk.”
One scrawny guy with a goat beard was looking at me with a displeased look.
So, this guy’s name is…
I haven’t heard it yet.
“What’s your name?”
At my question, the butler scrunched his brows and answered briefly, as if he didn’t want to talk to me.
“Call him the Assistant—”
“Yes, butler.”
“….Tsk, typical of an ignorant barbarian.”
The butler was a guy I didn’t like in many ways.
They say those who grow up without anything are worse, don’t they?
He spoke to me with a tone as if he was talking to an inferior. The Baron himself didn’t do that.
Does he think he’s something special?
‘He’s just a commoner in the end.’
I grumbled to myself, but followed the butler’s instructions and put in insoles into my shoes.
Armor shoes that weighed a whopping 7 kilograms because of excessive design ambition. It was a living hell with the dirt getting in, but…
“Now he’s somewhat presentable. Before, he was too small.”
What are you saying, you little shit.
‘Ugh, just one day of suffering.’
They said they would give me 100 million stones for my work, after all.
It was a real payment, not just a statement.
Anyway, I was being taught details like the route and where to stand when the Baron was talking to others.
As I was being taught all this by the obnoxious butler, it was time to leave.
“It’s time. Go now.”
I left the palace-like room and headed to the front gate.
A luxurious carriage was already waiting.
The Baron, who I hadn’t seen in person today, would probably be riding in it.
“What are you just standing there for? Your position is over there.”
I stood at the very front of the carriage procession.
So, I would lead the way and they would follow?
“This is an important mission, so make sure your eyes are fixed on the front and your posture is… ”
The butler kept nagging me, as if he didn’t trust me until we left.
“Depart!!”
Soon after, a knight on horseback behind me raised a flag and shouted, and I led the procession at a moderate pace.
Thump, thump.
As I left the front gate, the wide paved street came into view. The streets of Huangdo Karnon, the first district, that I wouldn’t have been able to enter in my original status.
Even the shop buildings were grand, and everyone’s clothes were elegant.
Also, the Imperial Palace, which I hadn’t seen where I lived, was showing its presence from afar.
‘Well, I need to break through this place soon to use the Heavenly Auction House…’
The butler told me to only look ahead, but I took the opportunity to look around.
Perhaps that was why?
“Stop!!”
The procession stopped once because I took a wrong turn.
The butler panicked and ran to me, yelling something.
But I boldly dug my ears.
Who told you to put me in charge?
***
The distance from the Baron’s manor to the Earl’s house where the banquet was held was about 6 kilometers.
I had a record of moving that distance and more on three legs…
‘Damn it.’
I had overlooked the fact that I was wearing full armor of irrationality.
Sweat was pouring down.
If only I hadn’t stuffed those insoles in at the end, I wouldn’t have been this tired.
“Baron Martoang will be dining!”
As I walked, ignoring the butler, I finally reached my destination.
As the front gate of the Earl’s manor opened, curious glances came from everywhere.
This would be nothing special for the nobles who had seen all kinds of sights, but they must be seeing a barbarian leading a carriage procession for the first time.
“To lead with a barbarian, it must have been inspired by that anecdote!”
“What a powerful presence. It feels like a giant is entering.”
“Wow, Dad, can we enter like that next time?”
The nobles gathered in the open-air banquet hall, with a full-fledged banquet, each adding their own commentary, stirring up the mood.
Was it a reaction that he liked?
The Baron, who had gotten off the carriage, kept bursting into laughter I had never seen before.
“This is the first time I’ve received this much attention just by entering. I’ll give you a generous reward when I get back.”
He seemed to be in such a good mood that he even promised a bonus.
“I’ll go and greet the Earl, so you all enjoy the banquet.”
Soon, the Baron entered the manor with only a few attendants. Then, the knights naturally scattered and blended into the banquet.
It was then that I noticed.
“…..”
That I was left alone in this large banquet hall.
“Oh, look at those horns on that helmet. Scary.”
“It looks like it’s modeled after the ancient demon Parseira!”
Suits, tuxedos, dresses with plunging necklines.
The glittering jewels that flowed like waves, and the shining white armor of the knights.
And there I was, alone, dressed like a savage.
It was like a monkey in a zoo.
“Oh, he’s walking. Where is he going?”
Even taking a single step, comments of curiosity erupted from everywhere.
It felt like my PTSD, which I thought I had overcome, was coming back.
Then, a man approached me.
“You did well.”
He was the knight who had been the rider in the rear.
“You’re a monster, too. You’re wearing that and walking this far without resting.”
The knight, who had seen my struggle more closely than anyone else, chuckled and patted my shoulder.
“Let’s go over there and rest together until the Baron returns.”
What? Is this guy a ray of light?
“Okay.”
I followed the knight to an empty spot and sat down.
All kinds of delicacies were around me, but I didn’t have any appetite. The knight seemed to be the same, as he was just sitting there and drinking.
I became curious and asked.
“You okay with hanging out with those people?”
“I wouldn’t be welcome even if I tried. I’m an explorer, just like you.”
I was right about this guy being different.
He was an explorer, so we talked easily, and despite being a knight, he didn’t have the typical arrogance.
The butler should learn from this guy—
“What do you think you’re doing? Who told you to sit down?”
The butler, who had entered the manor with the Baron, saw me and ran over.
He didn’t seem to like the fact that I was resting.
“Listen, Assistant, stop it. I told this friend to rest for a bit.”
“…Is that so?”
The butler flinched when the knight spoke up, and lowered his voice.
“Once you’re done resting, get up. What would people think if a barbarian sat and rested?”
“…..Resting?”
“No, they would think you’re that weak. So get up. No matter your true nature, you’re a warrior of iron tonight.”
I eventually got up from my seat, unable to resist the butler’s nagging.
‘…Okay, just one day of suffering.’
Wasn’t I supposed to be the Baron’s trophy, a proud existence?
I would act exactly as he wanted.
Of course, it wasn’t resignation.
A warrior of iron.
A barbarian in this world where fists rule over law.
A Barbarian.
Yes, if that’s me…
“Behel—raaaaaaaaaa!!!”
The roar erupted involuntarily as soon as I finished my mind control.
“W-what are you doing?!”
The butler, who had been insulting me about how much it cost to have the equipment I was wearing custom made and how pathetic I looked when I lost my way earlier, frowned.
Seeing that, I wondered why I had endured it all this time.
Am I not a barbarian?
“I just felt like it!”
In that sense, I picked up a piece of meat next to me, barbarian-style.
Was it a tomahawk?
It had a bone on it like a handle.
“Yeah, that’s what I wanted—”
The butler nodded in approval as I ripped the meat apart with my bare hands, like a savage.
Except…
“…..?!”
He froze, watching me chew the bone as well.
I said politely, maintaining my barbarian warrior dignity, to the butler.
“Butler, I want to break your head.”
“…..What?”
Words that he had never heard in his life. The butler looked at me with a questioning expression.
He must have realized now.
That I am a barbarian, after all.
“Did my words sound like a joke to you?”
Barbarians are simple and straightforward.
And they are true to their emotions.
Of course, the butler might not have had any knowledge of barbarian biology.
But…
‘He must know about what happened in the Guild, since he investigated me.’
Of course, I have an excuse.
I had no other choice then.
Except for plundering, tax evasion, and a few laws related to nobles, most of them could be settled with a fine in this world.
If I could prove that I wasn’t a plunderer, the rest could be handled somehow.
But that was just my side of the story.
To everyone else, I was just a crazy bastard.
“….I have something to do, so I’ll be going. You, just rest.”
The butler hurriedly left, his face pale, as if he had really investigated me.
The knight who had been watching the situation burst out laughing.
“Hahaha! I’ve never seen that guy make that kind of expression!”
For some reason, my actions seemed to be well-received by him.
“But are you okay?”
“I’m okay. I’m pretty sturdy.”
It’s not an innate ability, but a leftover effect I gained from the Bone Strength stat increase.
My appetite suddenly kicked in, and I started to eat the food with gusto.
“Look at that!”
“Oh my, barbaric!”
The noble ladies looked at me as if I was an alien creature, but I didn’t care anymore.
What’s wrong with looking like a barbarian?
If I could put my shame aside, there’s no more comfortable position than this.
“Behel—raaaaaaaaaa!”
“Why are you shouting again?”
“Delicious!”
I hesitated for a moment, wondering if it was appropriate for the elegant banquet atmosphere.
But I started to enjoy the banquet myself. 