Chapter 97: Barbarian Trophy (4)
Using the skill [Savage Eruption] increases the threat level. However, in this case, the threat level does not trigger a 'provocation' judgment against humans, only against monsters. As Dwarki said before, 
“Hmm… It’s a very strange feeling. My head knows it’s not dangerous at all, but my body feels like it needs to run away…”
Those who are fearful cower in terror. The brave, however, display a thirst for battle. So what about this guy?
“Haat!”
The answer was the latter. Although he flinched briefly at the roar I unleashed right in his face, he quickly regained his composure and swung his sword again. As usual, he had a shield in his left hand, which I could have easily deflected…
‘Nothing really changes now.’
It’s the same thing anyway. The body of a tank, once in motion, exists solely to block the enemy’s attacks.
Swoosh.
I moved the hand I had detached from my axe to the path of the sword swing. At the same time, a dull sound followed.
Clank.
His eyes, which had previously held a glint of victory, were now filled with doubt at the sound. Well, he probably was curious. 
A sharp blade and a bare arm. When had he ever heard such a sound when the two collided?
“…?”
His focus shifted, his eyes reflecting a yearning for an answer. His gaze landed on its destination.
“Don’t you understand?”
He nodded dumbly in response to my question. Why hadn't his sword cut through my skin, let alone bone? There were many reasons.
Bone strength, physical resistance, a naturally large and sturdy frame, and the increased physical stats from [Savage Eruption]. It would be far more unbelievable if he had managed to sever my wrist in one blow. 
But…
‘There’s no need to explain everything.’
Because I’m a Barbarian. 
“You are—“
One word is enough.
“Weak.”
The line sounded rather cheesy after I said it, but it was quite effective. As if insulted beyond measure, he pulled the sword out of my arm. 
It was a bad choice.
Swoosh!
Blood splattered as the blade was pulled out.
Hiss!
The sound of corrosion followed. And…
“Kyaaah!!!”
A pained groan. 
“A cowardly trick…”
What are you talking about? I just stood here. It was clear he had something wrong with his head, so I reached out and grabbed his throat. 
Because it would be a pain if he ran away.
“Cough!”
He began to thrash around, his blood supply to the brain cut off. It was like a meal already prepared. I could have easily twisted his neck and he would have died with a croak. But…
[Equipment has been removed.]
[Overall Item Level has decreased by -495.]
I let go of the weapon I was holding. It was a simple reason.
Clank!
The double-bladed battle-axe that the butler had bought at a high price for today. If I crushed his head with that, I wouldn’t even have an excuse to say I didn’t intend to kill him… 
‘I promised.’
I promised Knight Samdol that I would fix the problem with his head when I saw him again. That’s why…
Crack.
I clenched my fist, which was the size of a watermelon, and…
…hit his temple with all my might.
Boom!!!
If there’s something wrong with his head.
“Behel—raaaaah!!!”
You just have to get rid of it.
Yes, a Barbarian would definitely think that.
Or maybe not.
***
Silence. The surrounding area was devoid of sound, or only faintly audible. This state continued for a while.
“….”
It was a highly unusual sight. After all, this was a place where so many people had gathered. Especially during a festival. How often would hundreds of people fall silent without any tacit agreement?
“Where, where is the Priest?!”
A knight rushed out, carrying the half-crushed body of the warrior, breaking the silence. 
Therefore, I approached the referee.
“Do I really need to tell you who the winner is?”
The referee looked confused at my question, then shouted to the crowd.
“Th, the winner is… Bjorn Jandel of the Martoang Baron!”
At first, I thought they were discriminating against Barbarians. However, the crowd's response seemed to suggest otherwise. 
“Waaaah!!!”
“Barbarian! Barbarian is the best!”
“I’ve never seen such a thrilling duel! It’s like my chest is wide open!”
“But, isn’t that knight dead?”
“You’re so cruel. Let me feel your heart. Can you feel it beating?”
“Uh, uh… I, I can feel it… ”
“It’s not like it’s the first time someone died during a duel. And with this level of injury, the Priest will surely take good care of him.”
The reaction was even more enthusiastic than during the first duel.
“Behel—raaaaah!!!”
I stepped off the stage, letting out a celebratory roar as a service. I headed towards the tent. The Baron wouldn’t be waiting for me…
The tent where the warrior was being taken for treatment.
“You, you brat! Where do you think you are?!”
A roar erupted as soon as I entered the tent. It was one of the two remaining members of Knight Samdol’s group.
I didn’t respond and went straight to the Priest who was treating the warrior.
“Is he dead?”
“…His life is not in danger.”
The Priest responded, but glanced at me with disapproval.
“You should have been a little gentler.”
For a follower of God to say such a thing made me a little uneasy, but I had plenty of excuses.
“I never expected it to turn out like this.”
“…?”
“He’s a knight, for God’s sake! I just put down my axe and punched him! How was I supposed to know one hit would knock him out?”
The knight from Samdol blushed with shame at my confident answer, and the Priest gaped in disbelief. 
“Knocked out… are you serious? He suffered severe injuries, with his brain matter spilling out, and you say he’s just knocked out—?”
“He’s alive, isn’t he? Isn’t that what knocking out means?”
The choice of words would even make Einar, who taught me the Barbarian way of life, admit defeat. The Priest eventually closed his mouth. He had decided that there was no point in continuing the conversation. 
“….”
An awkward silence began to fill the tent. I was about to leave, but the warrior regained consciousness at that moment.
“Wh, where am I…?”
He mumbled, his eyes vacant. The divine power emitted by the High Priest had already healed his crushed head, but it wasn’t an all-powerful cheat. 
“I remember being on my way to the duel arena… ”
The Priest explained the situation to him. He had been in a duel, where he sustained severe head trauma. But he had been treated quickly, so with some time, his memory would return.
“Th, that’s right. Thank you for—?”
The guy was thanking the Priest for his kind briefing when he spotted me and froze in fear.
“You, you’re here…?”
It was more fear than surprise in his eyes. I was a little puzzled. How could he react like that if he lost his memory of the duel?
“Hmm, do you really not remember anything at all?”
“No, I don’t. So, please leave.”
It didn’t seem like he was lying… But I should at least confirm what I need to before leaving.
“I’ll leave immediately if you do one thing for me.”
“…?”
“It’s nothing big, just repeat after me.”
I repeated exactly what he had said to me before, and asked him to repeat it. 
But…
“I, it was originally called that because it was s, small…  Ah, ugh… ”
Suddenly, his body trembled like an aspen tree, and he grabbed his head.
“Ah… I, I remember…!”
His memory, temporarily lost as he recalled the past, returned.
“Good. Keep going.”
The warrior froze like a statue at my urging, and began to convulse.
“St, stop… I, I was wrong. Please… ”
He was apologizing? It was an attitude he wouldn’t have dreamed of before. I breathed a sigh of relief.
“Seems like the problem in your head is gone.”
“Yes. So please leave now. The patient needs rest.”
“Alright.”
I left the tent without any hesitation, following the Priest’s words.
“I’m, I’m getting out of here. I, I need to run away…!”
I could faintly hear the commotion from beyond the tent. Listening to it, it finally hit me.
I’m not a doctor, nor a Priest with divine power. I’m just a Barbarian living in this savage world.
But so what?
‘Turns out, Barbarians are overpowered.’
Today, I solved a problem that even a Priest couldn’t fix.
***
“Good work. I never expected you to finish so quickly…  Where were you going?”
The Baron greeted me as I returned to the waiting tent. I told him I’d just gone to check on the warrior, and he chuckled.
“You really are a strange one. To be so concerned, yet attack with such ruthlessness.”
Ruthless? That’s a bit strong.
“If it was a dungeon, I would have hit him with my axe.”
“Well, I guess you would have… ”
“Honestly, I didn’t expect him to be that weak. I thought he would be slow but strong.”
It was an answer I had prepared in case anything went wrong. For some reason, the Baron burst out laughing.
“Well, what fault could you possibly have? It’s their own fault for not practicing properly.”
“But is it really okay for it to keep happening? He’s a knight, but isn’t he still a noble?”
“Well, don’t you worry about that. Why else would they send apprentices instead of official knights to this kind of entertainment? It’s because even if they die, it’s not a big deal.”
The Baron then assured me that no one would dare to raise a fuss with him over something so trivial, and that if anything did happen, he would personally protect me.
It was exactly what I wanted to hear.
“So just focus on winning. I saw the people’s reaction earlier, and the more you rampage, the more satisfied the Count who hosted the banquet will be.”
Well, if that’s the case.
I guess I can smash their heads without any worry. The Priest’s abilities were amazing, too.
“The winner is… Tylian, Lord of the Henslvenia Baron!”
I watched the duels with the Baron, waiting my turn. It was fun at first, but I lost interest soon after. Their fighting styles were too similar, weren’t they? 
I understood why the crowd was so enthusiastic during my turn.
‘They’re still nobles, even if they’re from a side branch? They lack showmanship.’
I was a little tired, so I asked the Baron for permission and took a nap in the corner. How much time had passed?
The butler woke me up very carefully. 
“…H, hey. Someone is looking for you.”
“Looking for me?”
It was sudden, but the butler didn’t ask any questions and just finished what he had to say before disappearing. So I went out to see what it was about.
But what was this?
‘Knight Samdol?’
Two of the three were standing there. Before I could ask what they wanted, one of them reached out to grab my collar. 
I don’t know his name. He was the guy who had insulted me, calling me ‘Little Clown’ or something like that.
“You—!”
I stepped back slightly, avoiding his hand, and he flinched in embarrassment before continuing.
“C, cough. You! What did you do to Lord Silvania?!”
“Lord Silvania?”
I scratched my ear and tilted my head, and he was furious. 
“You don’t even know the name of the guy you fought?!”
Oh, so that was his name. So… his name was…
“Sil… Melia…”
“He’s Lord Silvania!!”
“Yes, is something wrong with him?”
The two of them began to tremble at my question.
“You call that a question…? He goes crazy every time your name comes up!”
“How could you be so cruel? No matter how much you resent him, how could you do something that would make him suffer like this…? Have you no compassion or honor?!”
Compassion and honor? 
That’s not something someone who threatened to sever my neck in 10 seconds should be saying.
I reached a final diagnosis.
“…I didn’t realize the situation was this serious.”
We need to solve the problem quickly.
***
“What are you doing here?”
The Baron looked over from beyond the tent, putting an end to the commotion. The two guys left in a hurry, as if they had something to hide.  
“…Who were they?”
“Nothing important.”
“Alright, come here. I had a good idea, and I was wondering if it’s actually possible.”
After returning to the tent, I spent some time chatting with the Baron. Before I knew it, the first round was over.
And the eight-player tournament began. But was this the ‘Hero’s Destiny’ the Shaman had spoken of?
“Lord Kwartean of the Serphia Baron and Bjorn Jandel of the Martoang Baron, take your positions!”
Amazingly, I was facing one of the Knights from Samdol in the second round. 
It was the guy with the vanity complex. 
“Don’t expect things to be the same as before.”
The guy was still babbling away with lines, even though the duel had begun.
“I’m not one to brag, but Lord Silvania was the weakest among us—?”
It was even easier than the first time. While he was muttering, I dashed forward. And…
“Wh, what…?”
He was startled and swung his sword, but I reached out and grabbed his throat before he could do anything. Then I punched him straight in the temple with all my might.
Boom-!
The guy, with his head now crushed beyond repair, collapsed limply to the ground. It had happened just three seconds after the duel began.
However…
“Waaaah!!!”
“Do that again next time!”
“Knight Crusher! He’s the Knight Crusher!”
The crowd erupted in cheers, even though the duel ended in an instant.
It was truly ironic.
‘They’re enjoying this… watching someone’s head explode?’
Who’s the barbarian here?
***
[Character’s Fame has increased by +10.]
[Character’s Fame has increased by +10…]
[… ]
]]] 