Chapter 99: Rumor (1)
A magical artifact that can discern the souls of evil spirits? Just a second ago, I never imagined I’d be in this situation. But…
‘Whatever it is, it doesn’t change anything.’ 
I dismiss the question fueled only by curiosity. Is he hinting at something? Or is it truly just a coincidence? If I can’t be sure, it’s best to assume the worst and act accordingly. The old man is suspicious of me. So, what should I do right now? 
“…Magical artifact?” 
I frown and look at the old man. It’s as if the word “magical artifact” is bothering me more than “evil spirit.” As if the brief silence a moment ago was all because of it.
“…It’s safe, right?” 
I gaze at him with disbelief. I’m a Barbarian, ignorant of magic. I’ve seen countless strange-looking magical artifacts in Raven’s lab. 
‘This must be the right reaction.’
I conclude my fleeting judgment and take action. Now it’s the old man’s turn.
“Hmm.” 
The old man observes me with a meaningful look, then changes his expression and opens his mouth. “Ha, do you not trust me? Me, the Master of the Artemion School?” 
I look at him as if to say, “Do you have to say that?” The old man clicks his tongue. 
“Tsk, this fellow, what does he take me for? Don’t worry. Aru will attest that the artifact is harmless to humans.”
“…Me? I’m supposed to?”
“It’s not a difficult task, is it?”
“Well, yes… if it’s just about verifying what kind of incantation is embedded in the magical artifact…” 
The Master of the school and a Barbarian with a three-month connection. It’s clear that Raven would prioritize the former, so his words are hard to believe. But…
‘Whatever excuse I use to refuse, I’ll ultimately fall for his trick.’
Listening to the two of them converse, I realize. I don’t know where I left the clue, but the old man suspects me. Fortunately, he doesn’t seem completely certain. He’s trying to test me with a nonexistent magical artifact.
‘Maybe… there is no such artifact.’ 
I suppress my anxiety and thoroughly analyze the evidence rationally. A magical artifact that detects evil spirits? Such a thing has never existed for thousands of years. As civilization progresses, it wouldn’t be strange if such an object appeared someday, but…
‘But it’s impossible for this old man to be the first creator.’ 
The Artemion School is a school of orthodox magic. They mainly focus on research like creating new spells, rather than minor topics like dimensions or souls.  For a magician like that to create an evil spirit detector? 
‘If such a thing really existed, he would have tricked me into sitting in front of the magical artifact. He wouldn’t be probing me like this.’
Soon, I reach my final decision. There’s no evil spirit detector. The old man is simply trying to gauge my reaction. Therefore—
“So, what are you going to do? It’s not dangerous, and it won’t take much time.”
“…Not much time?”
“It should only take about five minutes.”
“Well, in that case.”
I accept the old man’s offer. It’s a little unsettling, but as long as it’s over quickly, there’s no harm in it. But was my decision unexpected? 
“…Are you really okay with this?” 
The old man asks me in turn. A reaction that wipes away even the lingering anxiety. I ask him calmly.
“What do you mean? Okay with what?”
“…You were worried about the potential danger just now.”
“But you said this fellow would confirm it!”
“That’s true, but…”
“Let’s go. I’m tired from getting up early this morning. I need to go back and get some more sleep!”
Damn, this old man, what trick is he trying to pull?
***
“He’s gone…”
In the laboratory where Bjorn left, Raven sighs heavily at her master’s mumbling, which sounds rather desolate. She doesn’t understand the situation at all. A magical artifact that detects evil spirits? She never heard anything about her master researching such a thing, let alone…
“What was that about earlier?”
“….”
“Don’t just stay quiet. Are you really not going to tell me?”
She was ordered by her master to prove to Bjorn that the artifact was safe. It wasn’t a difficult task. The artifact her master brought out as an evil spirit detector had no incantation at all. It was just a strangely shaped chair.
[Don’t say anything and just go along with it.]
However, she remained silent, following her master’s instructions. So, it was time to hear the truth now. Of course, she had a hunch. She wasn’t that clueless.
“…Are you saying that Mr. Yandel might be an evil spirit? Was that why you were asking about what happened in the maze?”
Her master neither denied nor affirmed. But sometimes silence can be the most definite answer.
“Ugh… so, is your suspicion cleared?”
“…Yes, I was wrong.”
“I understand your feelings, Master. He is unusual, after all. But I have one question I really want you to answer.”
At the repeated question, her master weakly asks back.
“…What is it?”
“Why did you do that? If you suspected him of being an evil spirit, you could have just contacted the Secret Security Department. They would have handled it—.”
“He would have died if I had.”
A small mutter.
“What? What do you mean—?”
“Enough, I’m tired. I’m going now, so please take care of the cleanup.”
Her master soon rises to his feet, his small body looking frail. He leaves, his gait unusually withdrawn.
Now left alone in the lab, she ponders her master’s words.
‘He would have died if I had… That means he needs a living evil spirit, right?’
‘What is Master trying to do?’
She can’t shake the unsettling feeling. 
***
Thump!
Back in my lodging, I collapse onto the bed immediately.  I feel completely drained, ever since this morning. I want to close my eyes for a moment, but…
‘It was so sudden, appearing out of nowhere, it really startled me.’
I relax my tense body and take some time to retrace the events of today. There doesn’t seem to be anything I did wrong. Looking back, I handled it well. I assumed the worst, but I prevented myself from making endless leaps based on the available clues, allowing me to deduce the best possible answer.
‘Based on his expression at the end, the old man seems to have completely dropped his suspicion.’
It was a sudden incident, but it went well. However, there’s one thing that doesn’t quite sit right with me. When I became convinced that I wasn’t an evil spirit, the old man seemed somewhat disappointed. Why?
‘…Well, it’s not something I should be worried about.’
After pondering for a while, I clear my mind. It was an unanswerable question, and no matter the reason, it wasn’t directly related to my safety.
‘Still, it’s a bit of a relief.’
I had a terrible day from morning till now. But ironically, this incident has given me a strange sense of reassurance. It probably offset the endless stack of good luck I’ve been accumulating lately—
“Bjorn! Wake up! It’s already midday, how long are you going to sleep?!”
Did I fall asleep sometime? When I open my eyes, Misha is shaking my body. She didn’t leave the door open, she must have used the spare key I gave her a while back.
‘I gave it to her to use in case something happened…’
“Misha, why are you here? You said you’d be going to the magic tower today.”
“You didn’t come back late last night, did you? I wanted to wake you up in case you were asleep!”
Well, if that’s the reason. I’ll think about taking the spare key back later.
“Ah, but how did you know I came back late? Were you waiting for me?”
“You said you’d tell me about what happened there after you came back. Besides, I didn’t wait that long, so don’t worry.”
She says that, but she definitely waited up for me late last night. Was she really that curious about what happened at the banquet?
“Alright, then tell me, what happened?”
At Misha’s urging, I slowly recount the events of yesterday. Putting on the Barbarian equipment prepared by the butler, leading the carriage procession to the banquet venue. The food I ate there. And how I ended up winning the tournament.
“Wow, you really won? Winning over all those knights?”
“They were apprentice knights, not knights.”
“Still, they’re knights! That’s amazing!”
Amazing, my foot.  Except for the guy I met in the final match, I would have easily won even if Misha had been there. She’s really good at martial arts, if you know what I mean.
“Alright, use this.”
Anyway, after briefly explaining the events, I start writing letters with Misha. They were replies to the nobles. I had written them all in the morning, but I had even more to write now.
“…Bjorn, are you sure you want to send this? They’re nobles. What if something goes wrong?”
“It’s fine.”
“Well, if you say so… but…”
Misha writes the letter as I dictate, her eyes full of worry. Come on, there’s nothing to worry about. What more can you ask for from a letter written by a Barbarian?  It’s a miracle we even got replies in the first place…
[Too busy to go.]
[Find another Barbarian.]
[Sender: Bjorn, son of Yandel]
Yes, this is more than enough to uphold our dignity.
***
I’m at a noble’s mansion. It’s vast, sparkling, and filled with delicious aromas.
“Now I understand what the chieftain meant when he said the world is vast!”
It’s like I’ve come to another world. The clothes, the speech, the music I hear. All we had was drumming…
“What are you staring at? Come here.”
“Oh, right!”
A Barbarian who became an adult a month ago. Dukart, the son of Carpen, heads toward the heart of the banquet, following his patron.
“Tsk, what kind of walk is that? Walk with more confidence!”
I feel a little resentful. I don’t even know what walking confidently means. These clothes are just bulky and uncomfortable. I’d much rather be in my bare skin… 
I want to complain, but Dukart keeps his mouth shut. He’s reminded of past memories.
[That guy, he wore even bigger things and walked well, didn’t he?]
A few days ago, he was told that he would be paid a lot of money if he went with the noble.  He received all sorts of training, mostly on how to behave at a banquet. 
At first, he was angry. Did they think he was a barbarian and making these outrageous demands? Was he being disregarded? 
But…
[That guy? Who is he, for him to tell me what to do just because he heard something weird?]
[It’s Bjorn, son of Yandel, the little Balkan, that he’s talking about.]
After learning the identity of that guy, he had no choice but to endure all the demands. Bjorn, son of Yandel. The warrior of all warriors, who won the tournament at a noble’s banquet, beating all the knights and earning the awesome title of Knight Crusher.
‘Maybe I’m not cut out to be like him… ‘
Hearing about his exploits, Dukart promised himself that he would show his best side at this banquet. There was no way the actions of the warrior praised by even the chieftain were wrong. If there was something wrong, it must be on my side. He decided to act ‘warrior’-like. 
But it wasn’t as easy as he thought.  He was surrounded by elegant and refined nobles, whose appearance was so different from his own, and he found himself shrinking involuntarily. Moreover…
“It’s… delicious!”
“Make it louder! That guy didn’t act so shy!”
“Beh-hel-laaaa!!!”
Honestly, it was embarrassing. Even for a Barbarian, how could it be acceptable to shout in delight at food in front of everyone? Well, if I were alone, I probably would have shouted many times.
“Don’t just eat the meat, chew on the bones too!”
Anyway, my teeth hurt.
“You want a napkin? Why would you need that?”
The hands that picked up the food were sticky.
“Oh no, why are you taking off your helmet?”
My neck is stiff and my shoulders ache.  But I have to participate in the tournament that’s about to begin, consisting only of Barbarian participants. Will I even be able to fight properly? I’m ashamed of myself for being concerned with this.  It’s not like my opponents are knights.
‘They say goblin trolls crush your head if you go after them…’
When he entered the city after completing his coming-of-age ceremony, his heart thumped with ambition to become a famous warrior someday. But is this the reality of life? Less than a month later, he faced his own shortcomings.
“Why can’t you even do that?”
Dukart finally utters the words he’s been holding back.
“I’m… an ordinary warrior.”
If I want to shout, I shout. If I want to break something, I smash it. I act as I please, not caring about shame, regardless of who’s around.
“I can’t do that… ”
It is a privilege granted only to the truly strong, to the true warriors who are confident in themselves.
“Please, don’t compare me to him anymore. Bjorn, son of Yandel, he’s an amazing warrior who is beyond compare to someone like me.”
“Ha, so that guy was special… ”
The noble sighs at Dukart’s confession. He stares into the air with eyes full of desire. Or perhaps it wasn’t just him.
“I see. It has to be him, then…”
“Of course, how often do you find a Barbarian as savage as him.”
“I thought all Barbarians were like him.”
“They’re actually a lot more normal than you’d think.”
If you look closely, you’ll hear similar words popping up everywhere in the banquet hall.
***
[Character’s Fame Stat increased by +10.]
[Character’s Fame Stat increased by +10…]
[….]
]]] 